manner	How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
cremat	What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
manner	How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
animal	What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
exp	What is the full form of .com ?
ind	What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
gr	What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
title	What is the oldest profession ?
def	What are liver enzymes ?
ind	Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
date	When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
reason	Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
ind	Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
ind	Who killed Gandhi ?
event	What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
state	What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
desc	What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
count	How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
def	What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
def	What is an annotated bibliography ?
date	What is the date of Boxing Day ?
other	What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
ind	Name 11 famous martyrs .
desc	What 's the Olympic motto ?
desc	What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
letter	What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
ind	Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
other	What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
other	Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
state	Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
exp	What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
other	What does a spermologer collect ?
count	How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
gr	Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
count	How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
desc	What do Mormons believe ?
date	When did the neanderthal man live ?
religion	In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
other	Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
animal	What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
manner	How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
other	What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
count	How many people in the world speak French ?
count	How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
manner	How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
ind	What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
food	What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
gr	What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
manner	How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
other	What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
country	What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
def	What is ethology ?
ind	Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
desc	Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
ind	Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
def	What is the nature of learning ?
color	What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
termeq	What 's the term for a young fox ?
state	What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
def	What is the Kashmir issue ?
other	Where is the Loop ?
def	What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
country	What country 's capital is Tirana ?
def	What is titanium ?
ind	Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
city	Which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with Los Angeles ?
def	What is a caldera ?
reason	Why do people get calluses ?
other	What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
reason	What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
other	What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
ind	Who is the founder of Scientology ?
other	What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
desc	What is the history of skateboarding ?
ind	Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
manner	How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
ind	What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
body	The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
manner	How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
country	What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
other	What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
count	How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
desc	What is the origin of head lice ?
state	What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
animal	What was the first domesticated bird ?
count	How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
country	What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
dismed	What is a fear of shadows ?
ind	Who were the five Marx brothers ?
date	In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
date	When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
reason	What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
def	What are bear and bull markets ?
cremat	What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
def	What is `` dew point '' ?
def	What is the meaning of Jesus ?
gr	What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
def	What is the definition of a cascade ?
date	When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
country	What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
ind	Who invented Make-up ?
desc	What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
desc	What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
animal	What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
ind	Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
ind	Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
manner	How do you make a paintball ?
state	What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
animal	What is a female rabbit called ?
mount	Where is the highest point in Japan ?
desc	Where do chihuahuas come from ?
other	Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
other	What are the world 's four oceans ?
cremat	What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
animal	What is the largest snake in the world ?
cremat	In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
other	Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
money	How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
termeq	What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
def	What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
other	Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
product	Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
manner	How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
period	How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
manner	How do chickens have baby chicks ?
desc	What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
manner	How was the element calcium named ?
ind	What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
gr	What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
date	When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
cremat	What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
def	What is a transistor ?
cremat	What is a film starring Jude Law ?
animal	What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
substance	What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
money	How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
ind	What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
def	What are equity securities ?
def	What is gymnophobia ?
count	How many years do fossils take to form ?
other	Where is the Orinoco ?
animal	What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
city	What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
cremat	What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
desc	What is the origin of the word , JJ .
count	How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
manner	How you can raise your IQ ?
exp	What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
gr	Who produces Spumante ?
ind	Who earns their money the hard way ?
ind	Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
ind	What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
count	How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
ind	Who discovered electricity ?
body	What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
ind	Who was the first American in space ?
country	What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
cremat	What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
cremat	What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
def	What is a dental root canal ?
event	What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
date	What is the busiest air travel season ?
body	What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
def	What are hook worms ?
other	Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
gr	Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
ind	Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
other	What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
date	In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
count	How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
other	Where are the 49 steps ?
date	In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
ind	Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
ind	Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
cremat	On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
gr	What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
desc	Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
reason	Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
count	How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
city	What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
other	Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
sport	What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
ind	What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
title	What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
reason	Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
def	What is the 401 , K , plan ?
reason	What causes pneumonia ?
date	What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
def	What does gringo mean ?
country	What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
dismed	What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
other	Where is the Kalahari desert ?
gr	Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
city	What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
body	What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
ind	Who created Dennis the Menace ?
ind	What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
date	When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
country	What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
manner	How do I start a web based business ?
ind	Name Alvin 's brothers
def	What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
manner	How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
date	When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
ind	What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
ind	What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
date	CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
termeq	What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
reason	What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
gr	Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
event	What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
other	What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
city	What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
manner	How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
reason	What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
count	How many species of sharks are there ?
def	What is `` snoogans '' ?
count	How many people are there in the world ?
plant	What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
gr	What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
desc	What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
exp	What does S.O.S. stand for ?
techmeth	Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
desc	What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
def	What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
other	What four forms does gold occur in ?
volsize	What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
manner	How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
date	When did beethoven die ?
money	How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
country	What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
def	What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
ind	What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
reason	What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
ind	Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
count	How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
mount	What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
other	Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
techmeth	What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
ind	What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
dismed	What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
food	What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
count	How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
def	What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
other	Where was George Washington born ?
count	How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
ind	Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
def	What is paracetamol ?
desc	What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
animal	Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
date	When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
ind	What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
desc	What is the origin of the name Katie ?
gr	What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
date	When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
desc	Who is Terrence Malick ?
instru	What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
def	What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
other	What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
other	What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
date	When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
exp	CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
date	When did World War I start ?
count	How many feet are there in a fathom ?
def	What is a Canada two-penny black ?
city	What European city do Nicois live in ?
manner	How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
def	What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
other	To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
ind	Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
techmeth	What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
food	What did brontosauruses eat ?
color	What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
ind	Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
ind	Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
ind	Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
def	What is molybdenum ?
date	When is Boxing Day ?
other	What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
date	When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
count	How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
animal	What 's the official animal of Canada ?
date	When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
volsize	What is the size of the largest akita ?
animal	What animal has the biggest eyes ?
city	What is California 's capital ?
ind	Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
ind	Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
country	What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
manner	How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
desc	What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
other	Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
termeq	What do Italians call Florence ?
manner	How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
exp	What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
other	What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
termeq	What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
animal	Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
city	What city did the Flintstones live in ?
termeq	What is Latin for incompetent ?
dismed	What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
gr	What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
sport	What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
ind	Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
abb	What is the abbreviation for micro ?
other	What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
gr	Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
exp	What does NASDAQ stand for ?
exp	What is BPH ?
other	What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
other	What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
ind	Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
reason	Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
other	What was Einstein 's IQ ?
date	What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
ind	What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
state	What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
techmeth	What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
state	What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
gr	What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
manner	How did the tradition of best man start ?
count	How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
other	What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
color	What are Halloween 's colors ?
manner	How is silk screening done ?
other	What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
ind	Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
other	Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
ind	Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
manner	How do you match a name to a social security number ?
manner	How does a rainbow form ?
other	What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
other	What is the population of Ohio ?
count	How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
def	Hazmat stands for what ?
animal	What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
ind	What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
ind	Who followed Caesar ?
substance	What are the four elements ?
ind	Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
other	What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
other	What is Answers.com 's address ?
other	Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
ind	Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
gr	Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
product	What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
ind	Who invented the radio ?
count	What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
techmeth	What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
manner	How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
ind	Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
speed	What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
other	What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
ind	What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
other	What ocean is the largest in the world ?
ind	Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
date	What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
count	How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
reason	What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
ind	Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
gr	Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
def	Define the Pheonix Club ?
city	Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
def	What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
other	What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
ind	Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
manner	How successful is arometherapy ?
event	What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
manner	How does a copier work ?
speed	What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
ind	Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
animal	What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
ind	Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
other	Where does chocolate come from ?
cremat	What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
ind	What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
other	Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
event	What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
ind	Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
count	How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
ind	Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
abb	What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
mount	What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
ind	Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
reason	What is the function of RAM ?
other	What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
count	How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
dismed	What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
cremat	What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
desc	What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
ind	What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
ind	What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
cremat	What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
other	Where is Basque country located ?
product	What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
date	What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
def	What is dry ice ?
other	What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
def	What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
count	How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
food	What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
city	What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
count	How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
cremat	What is the longest-running television series ?
animal	What predators exist on Antarctica ?
desc	What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
manner	How is energy created ?
food	What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
other	What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
techmeth	What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
other	What are the different types of plastic ?
manner	How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
mount	What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
other	Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
country	What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
date	When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
gr	What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
cremat	What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
city	What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
ind	What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
reason	Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
other	Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
desc	What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
state	In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
desc	What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
date	What year did Hitler die ?
ind	What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
animal	What kind of animal is Babar ?
reason	What is Jane Goodall known for ?
other	What killed Bob Marley ?
money	How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
ind	Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
desc	Who is Stein Eriksen ?
def	What does the name Billie mean ?
ind	Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
mount	What is the highest peak in Africa ?
other	Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
other	What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
other	What do bicornate animals have two of ?
reason	What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
dismed	What is a fear of weakness ?
count	How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
count	How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
exp	What does G.M.T. stand for ?
def	What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
cremat	What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
sport	What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
manner	How do I tie dye clothes ?
date	When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
reason	Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
ind	What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
ind	What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
other	Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
reason	What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
ind	Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
other	Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
word	What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
instru	What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
other	Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
reason	What makes popcorn pop ?
ind	Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
body	Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
country	What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
ind	Who painted Mother and Child ?
speed	What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
other	In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
other	What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
cremat	What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
ind	What was Mao 's second name ?
cremat	What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
other	Where do hyenas live ?
desc	Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
lang	What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
ind	Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
def	What are Maid-Rites ?
cremat	What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
gr	What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
count	How many referees work a soccer game ?
food	What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
termeq	How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
desc	What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
reason	What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
date	When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
ind	Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
cremat	What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
other	What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
ind	What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
gr	What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
city	What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
ind	What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
food	What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
ind	Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
other	Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
count	How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
ind	What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
cremat	What is the Jewish bible called ?
reason	Why is the grass green ?
def	What is a firewall ?
ind	What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
gr	Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
period	How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
ind	Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
other	What was known as the Spice Island ?
ind	Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
ind	Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
other	What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
other	What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
ind	Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
city	McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
other	What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
animal	What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
perc	What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
substance	What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
desc	What do economists do ?
country	What country has the largest sheep population ?
desc	What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
country	What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
count	How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
exp	What does SIDS stand for ?
other	What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
money	How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
reason	What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
country	What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
other	What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
ind	Who is the president of Stanford University ?
ind	Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
other	What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
city	What city is Logan Airport in ?
def	What is a nanometer ?
count	How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
date	When did CNN go on the air ?
city	What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
code	What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
ind	Who invented baseball ?
count	How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
product	What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
dist	How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
city	What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
def	What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
manner	How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
cremat	Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
ind	Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
desc	What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
dismed	What is a fear of thunder ?
animal	What animal has killed the most people ?
count	How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
city	What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
other	Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
date	When was the Battle of Hastings ?
other	What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
date	When did Muhammad live ?
termeq	What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
def	What is a wop ?
desc	Where do rocks come from ?
manner	How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
mount	Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
gr	What is the best college in the country ?
def	What is viscosity ?
cremat	What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
country	What are the Nordic nations ?
other	Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
state	What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
cremat	Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
temp	What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
dismed	What is a fear of bees ?
cremat	What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
def	What is a green bog ?
other	Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
other	What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
city	What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
ind	What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
other	What attracts tourists to Reims ?
sport	What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
other	What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
def	What 's an auberge in France ?
ind	Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
other	Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
gr	What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
substance	What does ribavirin consist of ?
food	Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
other	What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
ind	What was her real name ?
reason	Why are the ears your center of balance ?
ind	Who invented the toothbrush ?
cremat	What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
other	Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
dismed	What is a fear of being alone ?
count	How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
food	What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
exp	When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
count	How many hearts does an octopus have ?
plant	What plant has the largest seed ?
country	What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
other	What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
ind	What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
sport	What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
ind	What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
count	How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
word	What is the longest word in the English language ?
other	In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
ind	What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
animal	What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
other	Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
def	What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
perc	What percentage of the body is muscle ?
color	What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
substance	What is a golf ball made of ?
def	What is the Amish religion ?
money	What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
gr	What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
ind	Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
ind	Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
def	What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
symbol	What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
animal	What animals do you find in the stock market ?
def	What is color ?
date	When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
cremat	What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
ind	What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
manner	How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
ind	Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
manner	How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
def	What is a Jellicle Cat ?
other	Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
other	What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
substance	What is the second hardest substance ?
reason	Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
city	What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
date	When is Bastille Day ?
reason	What makes a tornado turn ?
count	How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
color	What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
reason	Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
desc	Who is Coronado ?
cremat	What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
def	What is artificial intelligence ?
food	What do flatfish eat ?
ind	Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
other	What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
date	What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
desc	What is the origin of the word , magic ?
sport	What sport do you shag flies in ?
def	What is white chocolate ?
other	Where is Trinidad ?
gr	Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
ind	Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
food	What kind of wine is Spumante ?
ind	Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
termeq	How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
def	What does the name Gina mean ?
product	What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
speed	How fast is light ?
termeq	What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
def	What are shooting stars ?
gr	Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
date	When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
other	What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
manner	How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
desc	What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
desc	Who is Desmond Tutu ?
other	Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
animal	Name a tiger that is extinct .
count	How many quarters equal a pound ?
cremat	What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
ind	What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
ord	What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
ind	Who is the worst US President ever ?
ind	What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
abb	What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
speed	How fast does the fastest car go ?
mount	What is the highest mountain in the world ?
other	What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
ind	Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
period	How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
other	Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
country	Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
manner	How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
manner	How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
ind	Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
dismed	What is a fear of passing high objects ?
desc	What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
ind	What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
reason	Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
other	What is the rarest coin ?
cremat	What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
country	Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
other	Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
dismed	What is a fear of parasites ?
sport	In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
ind	Who does data collection in tourism ?
ind	What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
state	What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
desc	What does a nihilist believe in ?
desc	What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
sport	In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
ind	Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
cremat	What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
def	What are amphibians ?
count	How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
product	Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
dist	How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
ind	Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
gr	Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
other	Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
ind	What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
dismed	What is the fear of being loved ?
other	What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
title	What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
manner	How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
dist	How far can a man travel in outer space ?
other	Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
food	What type of food makes you fat ?
dismed	What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
count	What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
animal	What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
cremat	What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
letter	What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
desc	What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
word	What is the plural of gulf ?
ind	Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
date	What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
perc	What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
date	What 's the first day of the week ?
city	What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
city	What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
ind	Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
def	What is Bombay duck ?
count	How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
ind	What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
city	What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
ind	What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
count	How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
def	What is a virtual IP address ?
ind	What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
other	What county is Chicago in ?
dist	What is the wingspan of a condor ?
desc	What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
ind	Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
manner	How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
termeq	What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
color	What color were their horses ?
money	What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
ind	What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
count	How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
other	What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
lang	What are the two languages of Malta ?
count	How many oceans are there and name them ?
desc	What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
count	How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
def	What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
def	What does the name Shawn mean ?
other	Where is the Danube ?
ind	What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
animal	What do you call a group of geese ?
ind	Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
count	How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
manner	How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
other	What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
perc	What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
other	Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
cremat	What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
reason	Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
manner	How do I start a bank ?
manner	How do Ouija Boards work ?
animal	What horse did Zorro ride ?
manner	How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
other	Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
manner	How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
ind	What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
product	Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
reason	Why did the chicken cross the road ?
ind	What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
desc	Who is Barbara Jordan ?
ind	Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
cremat	What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
event	What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
def	What is being done about the millennium bug ?
reason	What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
dismed	What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
def	What is Olestra ?
country	What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
count	How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
plant	What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
date	When was Hurricane Hugo ?
food	What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
ind	What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
money	What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
date	When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
lang	What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
gr	What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
manner	How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
def	What is prepared mustard ?
ind	What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
def	What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
ind	What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
dismed	What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
ind	Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
period	The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
other	What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
reason	What is Colin Powell best known for ?
ind	Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
city	What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
ind	What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
def	What is measured in curies ?
ind	Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
ind	What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
ind	What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
product	Italy is the largest producer of what ?
ind	What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
def	What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
ind	Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
dismed	What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
def	What is Spumante ?
date	In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
def	What is an isthmus ?
animal	What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
other	Where is Mozambique located ?
animal	What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
desc	What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
other	What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
count	How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
manner	How do fuel injectors work ?
manner	How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
ind	What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
veh	What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
city	What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
product	What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
money	How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
exp	What does NAFTA stand for ?
ind	Who invented silly putty ?
gr	What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
ind	Who patented the first phonograph ?
techmeth	What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
food	What do manatees eat ?
termeq	How do you say 2 in Latin ?
cremat	What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
count	How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
other	What is November 's birthstone ?
def	What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
count	On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
ind	Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
cremat	What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
desc	What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
word	What is the longest English word ?
reason	What is the purpose of a car bra ?
reason	What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
desc	Who is Colin Powell ?
animal	What species is a colt ?
exp	What is the full name of the PLO ?
country	What is the smallest country in Africa ?
ind	Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
event	What age followed the Bronze Age ?
title	What is her profession ?
ind	What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
exp	What does the word LASER mean ?
def	What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
ind	Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
def	What is a rhomboideus minor ?
count	How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
count	How many people died on D-Day ?
ind	What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
ind	Who created the character of Scrooge ?
other	What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
other	Where is Windsor Castle ?
date	When did the Dow first reach ?
reason	Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
gr	What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
gr	What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
other	Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
state	What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
animal	Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
country	What are the Benelux countries ?
other	Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
lang	What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
other	Where is Tornado Alley ?
ind	Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
ind	What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
state	What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
reason	Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
title	What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
city	What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
ind	Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
ind	Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
animal	What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
desc	What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
color	What color are school buses ?
other	What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
event	What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
ind	What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
ind	Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
ind	Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
def	What are the seven virtues ?
termeq	What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
date	When was the San Francisco fire ?
dismed	What is a fear of food ?
count	How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
date	What year did the Vietnam War end ?
ind	What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
word	What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
count	What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
gr	What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
other	What 's the longest river in the world ?
food	Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
gr	What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
date	When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
count	How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
date	What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
mount	What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
reason	Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
ind	Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
count	How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
veh	Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
other	Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
manner	How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
other	What 's the sacred river of India ?
country	What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
body	What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
count	How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
country	Name the largest country in South America .
event	What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
desc	What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
ind	What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
desc	What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
cremat	What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
reason	What makes thunder ?
ind	What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
other	Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
plant	What plant is rum made from ?
country	What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
ind	Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
food	Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
state	What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
reason	Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
def	What was archy , and mehitabel ?
city	What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
substance	What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
country	What country did the Nile River originate in ?
color	What color are tennis balls ?
ind	What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
desc	What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
ind	Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
sport	What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
country	What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
country	What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
ind	Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
desc	What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
sport	What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
def	What is Australia Day ?
animal	What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
def	What was the Chivington Massacre ?
ind	What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
count	How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
city	In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
other	Where can I find information on George Bush ?
ind	Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
termeq	What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
def	What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
ind	Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
count	How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
def	What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
date	When are sheep shorn ?
sport	What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
other	What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
def	What is the definition of low island ?
date	What century does Captain Video live in ?
other	What types of water pollution are there ?
count	How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
food	What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
other	What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
event	What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
cremat	Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
other	Where is Logan Airport ?
desc	What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
ind	Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
ind	What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
ind	Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
money	What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
other	What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
ind	Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
money	What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
exp	What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
manner	How do you find oxidation numbers ?
state	What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
reason	What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
cremat	What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
count	How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
ind	Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
event	What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
ind	Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
def	What are the Greek numerals ?
other	What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
dismed	What is a fear of sleep ?
sport	What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
animal	What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
event	What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
manner	How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
other	Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
desc	What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
ind	Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
ind	Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
ind	What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
date	When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
termeq	What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''
product	What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
gr	What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
ind	What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
cremat	What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
desc	Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
reason	What causes someone to be ticklish ?
perc	What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
count	How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
reason	Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
instru	What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
ind	Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
def	What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
count	How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
date	What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
termeq	What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
ind	Who invented batteries ?
reason	Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
other	Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
title	What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
ind	What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
animal	What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
title	What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
cremat	What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
other	What London street is the home of British journalism ?
event	What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
def	What is the Immaculate Conception ?
veh	What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
other	What format was VHS 's main competition ?
def	What is Candlemas Day ?
city	In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
termeq	What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
money	How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
other	Where is Tufts University ?
def	What is a pyrotechnic display ?
manner	How do I find out about jobs ?
gr	What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
other	What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
count	How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
desc	What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
dismed	What is a fear of being cold ?
dist	How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
sport	What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
animal	What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
weight	What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
other	What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
state	What province is Edmonton located in ?
manner	How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
ind	Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
animal	What is California 's state bird ?
date	What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
gr	Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
manner	How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
veh	What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
ind	What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
ind	Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
cremat	In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
count	How many James Bond novels are there ?
manner	How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
animal	What bird can swim but can 't fly ?
manner	How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
volsize	How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
def	What is Plc ?
count	How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
count	How many acres in a mile ?
cremat	What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
def	What is a hyperlink ?
ind	Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
desc	Where did marijuana come from ?
money	What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
cremat	What novel has Big Brother watching ?
count	How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
def	What does Elysium mean ?
other	What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
def	What is Shalom ?
sport	What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
substance	What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
period	What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
country	What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
manner	How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
count	How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
food	What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?
other	What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
ind	Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
count	How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
desc	What is the origin of thank you notes ?
other	What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
other	What generation am I in ?
dismed	What is a fear of hell ?
desc	Who is Dear Abby ?
ind	Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
substance	What is Jell-O made from ?
desc	Who was Monet ?
state	What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
manner	How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
food	What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
other	Where is Guam ?
ind	Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
def	What is the executor in a will ?
gr	What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
count	How many people in America snore ?
ind	Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
food	What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
ind	Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
dismed	Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
count	How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
desc	What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
ind	Who sought to create The Great Society ?
other	What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
dist	What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
ind	Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
desc	What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
reason	What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
period	How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
city	What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
desc	What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
event	What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
def	What is an arab strap ?
money	How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,
ind	Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
gr	Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
other	Where did guinea pigs originate ?
country	What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
reason	Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
gr	What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
date	When was the slinky invented ?
ind	What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
dismed	What is a fear of cold ?
title	What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
reason	What causes rust ?
ind	Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
animal	What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?
color	What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
def	What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
city	What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
reason	Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
plant	What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
country	What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
perc	What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
animal	Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?
desc	What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
def	What is a handheld PC ?
desc	What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
title	What is Larry King 's job ?
count	How many calories are in a tomato ?
state	In what state was the first co-educational college established
event	What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
techmeth	What is the treatment for depression ?
dismed	What is a fear of slime ?
country	What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
other	On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
ind	What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
cremat	What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
desc	What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
desc	What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
date	When was Dick Clark born ?
sport	What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
other	What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
desc	What happened to Moon Maiden ?
city	What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
def	What are the Urals ?
manner	How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
other	What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
country	What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
manner	How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
period	How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
code	What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
date	When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
desc	Who was Lacan ?
techmeth	What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
other	What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
ind	Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
ind	Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
manner	How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
other	Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
lang	Name a Gaelic language .
date	What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
other	Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
manner	How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
cremat	What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
desc	What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
cremat	What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
volsize	How big is a quart ?
def	What is the Hub of London ?
cremat	Jude Law acted in which film ?
reason	What causes panic attacks ?
def	What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
dismed	What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
country	What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
def	What is typhoid fever ?
other	Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
def	What are the Twin Cities ?
cremat	What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
ind	Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
food	Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
exp	What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
other	What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
substance	What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
other	What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
dismed	What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
period	How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
ind	Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
count	How many questions are on this thing ?
ind	Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
ind	Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
ind	Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
reason	Why are there olives in martinis ?
date	In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
date	What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
gr	What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
other	Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
other	What did The Gas House Gang play ?
count	How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
ind	What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
def	What is the highest Roman numeral ?
other	What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
ind	Who was the inventor of the stove ?
ind	What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
other	Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
date	Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
cremat	What are the first ten amendements passed ?
dismed	What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
desc	What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
manner	How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
ind	Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
ind	Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
sport	What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
other	Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
ord	Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
cremat	What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
perc	What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
gr	What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
ind	Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
date	When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
desc	What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
ind	Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
count	How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
gr	What is the best Internet business to go into ?
def	What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
ind	Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
other	What are the largest breweries in the world ?
def	What does Las Vegas mean ?
def	What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
other	What keeps clouds in the air ?
termeq	What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
instru	Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
country	What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
other	What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
def	What is graduate school ?
desc	What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
ind	What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
sport	What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
product	What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
ind	Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
ind	What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
exp	What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
other	In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
other	Where is Rider College located ?
ind	What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
reason	For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
ind	Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
other	Where was the first restaurant ?
other	Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
count	How many horses died during the civil war ?
count	How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
ind	What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
ind	What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
count	How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
period	What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
other	What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
other	Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
other	Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
count	How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
date	In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
substance	What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
manner	How do you reference a website ?
def	What is pandoro ?
exp	What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
ind	Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
city	What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
desc	What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
manner	How do I install a tile floor ?
techmeth	What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
reason	Why was the zipper invented ?
other	What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
animal	Name four famous cartoon cats .
ind	What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
manner	How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
gr	What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
desc	What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
other	What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
mount	What is the world 's highest peak ?
def	What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
def	Define cosmology .
ind	What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
def	What are amicable numbers ?
date	When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
other	Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
city	What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
ind	Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
cremat	What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
techmeth	What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
ind	What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
other	What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
count	How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
count	What is the goat population of the world ?
gr	What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
termeq	What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
other	What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
count	How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
substance	What are the most common elements in seawater ?
desc	Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
desc	What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
def	What is a stratocaster ?
other	What kind of science is cosmology ?
ind	Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
substance	What 's the second-lightest element ?
termeq	What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
product	What is the brand name of daminozide ?
termeq	What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
ind	What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
animal	What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
manner	How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
date	When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
count	How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
ind	Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
ind	Who made the first gas engine ?
country	What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
event	What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
count	How many questions do you have on your database ?
manner	How do clouds form ?
other	Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
ind	What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
date	When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
ind	What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
other	Where is Ocho Rios ?
def	What is the half-life of P-32 ?
other	What ocean does Mauritania border ?
reason	Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
reason	Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
desc	What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
event	What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
country	What country is Kosovo a part of ?
city	Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
product	What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
other	What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
desc	What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
exp	What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
animal	What animals can live the longest without food ?
ind	What English queen had seventeen children ?
other	What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
money	How much does the President get paid ?
ind	What two baseball players make up the battery ?
letter	What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
termeq	What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
perc	Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
state	What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
other	Name an art gallery in New York .
ind	Who sells Viagra ?
instru	What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
def	What is the Home Rule Act ?
other	What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
def	What are Bellworts ?
desc	Who was Darius ?
cremat	What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
ind	Who did Dita Beard work for ?
animal	What kind of creature is a coot ?
gr	Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
country	What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
gr	What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
dismed	What is a fear of disease ?
food	What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
other	What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
desc	What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
termeq	What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
ind	Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
code	What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
title	Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
ind	Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
ind	Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
city	What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
other	What continent is Bolivia on ?
reason	Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
ind	Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
reason	What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
animal	What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
state	What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
event	What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
count	What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
def	What does the name Kelly mean ?
def	What is a phalanx ?
ind	What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
money	What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
ind	What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
exp	What does e.g. stand for ?
dismed	What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
manner	How do storms form ?
desc	Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
city	What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
animal	What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
ind	Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
other	Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
date	When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
ind	What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
count	How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
gr	Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
country	What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
animal	What 's an infant seal called ?
desc	What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
city	What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
period	How long does a dog sleep ?
cremat	What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
gr	What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
money	What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
other	Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
count	How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
ind	What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
state	What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
other	What is the tallest building in Japan ?
other	Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
food	Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
event	What are some important events of the 1830 's ?
date	The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
letter	What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
other	What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .
def	What is God ?
country	What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
other	What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
cremat	What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
city	What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
count	How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
substance	What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
country	What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
state	What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
other	Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
other	What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
ind	What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
other	What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
ind	What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
def	What is a meerkat ?
desc	Who was Jean Nicolet ?
animal	What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
ind	Which of these are authors ?
word	What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
ind	Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
def	What is cache memory ?
termeq	Aspartame is also known as what ?
other	Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
date	When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
desc	What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
ind	Whose cupboard was bare ?
other	What are the seven seas ?
exp	What does IBM stand for ?
desc	What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
def	What is the C programming language ?
ind	What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
ind	Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
def	What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
ind	What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
count	How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
ind	Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
country	Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
food	What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
count	How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
desc	What is the origin of the atom ?
ind	Who is the Voyager project manager ?
gr	Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
ind	What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
ind	Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
manner	How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
ind	Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
def	What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
other	What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
other	Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
gr	What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
sport	What sport is played on the largest field ?
ind	Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
other	What is after death ?
ind	Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
ind	What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
ind	What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
count	How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
other	What is the website for the USA journal ?
gr	What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
other	What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
desc	What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
reason	Why are haunted houses popular ?
other	Which gender has bigger thighs ?
state	What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
state	What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
speed	How fast do cheetahs run ?
other	What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
speed	How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
other	What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
ind	What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
perc	What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
other	What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
dist	How far is London UK from California ?
animal	Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
animal	What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
def	What is the virus HIV ?
count	How many years old is Benny Carter ?
cremat	What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
other	Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
cremat	What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
animal	What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
letter	What is the alphabet for Latin ?
dismed	What is the fear of frogs ?
city	Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
period	How old is Stevie Wonder ?
ind	Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
ind	Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
other	What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
def	What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
desc	What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
food	What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
gr	What is the first personal computer company ?
techmeth	What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
desc	Who was Jane Goodall ?
reason	Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
other	Where is the Isle of Man ?
cremat	What book did Aaron Hass write ?
other	What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
date	When will the millennium officially begin ?
ind	Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
ind	Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
def	What is real time processing ?
other	What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
country	What country 's capital is Lagos ?
other	Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
ind	Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
ind	Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
symbol	What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
other	What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
other	Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
other	Where did Honecker rule ?
def	What is the theory of equivalence states ?
other	What does a philatelist collect ?
period	What is the life span of the average monkey ?
count	How many member states are in the UN ?
ind	Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
desc	What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
def	What 's the meaning of UOL ?
ind	What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
ind	Who was the architect of Central Park ?
product	Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
dist	What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
date	When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
symbol	What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
def	What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
country	What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
ind	What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
ind	What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
gr	Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
ind	Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
termeq	What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
techmeth	What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
city	What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
period	How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
count	How many milliseconds in a second ?
ind	What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
date	When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
perc	What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
ind	Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
country	What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
ind	What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
manner	How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
ind	Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
desc	Who was Thucydides ?
manner	How is the element strontium purified ?
ind	Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
reason	What are tonsils for ?
substance	What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
sport	What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
cremat	What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
money	What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
desc	What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
manner	How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
count	How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
techmeth	What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
cremat	What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
count	How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
food	What does a tarantula eat ?
color	What are the three secondary colors ?
def	What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
ind	Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
event	What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
def	What is hebephrenia ?
ind	What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
event	What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
gr	Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
other	What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
termeq	What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
reason	What were the causes of the Civil War ?
def	What are Maid-Rites ?
city	What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
manner	How can you prevent it ?
def	What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
food	What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
ind	Who is the fastest guitarist ?
other	What do camels store in their humps ?
veh	What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
other	What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
def	What are perfect tenses ?
def	What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
termeq	What was another name for East Germany ?
cremat	What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
ind	Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
ind	Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
def	What is a bourdon tube ?
sport	What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
ind	Who were the Picts ?
desc	What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
def	What is film noir ?
ind	Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
date	In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
reason	What causes tuberculosis ?
dist	How tall is the giraffe ?
ind	What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
animal	What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
period	How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
count	How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
other	What lake is Sheboygan on ?
def	What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
dismed	What is a fear of color ?
veh	What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
animal	What are the two largest birds on earth ?
cremat	Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
other	What is the largest lake in North America ?
count	How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
dismed	What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
ind	Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
ind	What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
ind	Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
def	What is Head Start ?
ind	What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
reason	Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
other	What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
animal	What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
def	What is saltpeter ?
desc	What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
gr	What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
ind	What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
ind	Silly putty was invented by whom ?
other	What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
manner	How can someone become a federal agent ?
ind	Who invented the paper clip ?
ind	Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
count	How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
city	What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
period	Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
word	What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?
manner	How can you be happy ?
manner	How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
date	What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
ind	What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
count	How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
period	How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
exp	What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
ind	Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
dismed	What is a fear of gravity ?
ind	Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
desc	What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
other	Where are all European and American eels born ?
ind	Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
def	What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
product	What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
animal	What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
reason	What is the function of the appendix ?
ind	What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
other	Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
city	What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
state	What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
state	What U.S. state ends with a G ?
count	How many varieties of twins are there ?
def	What is a Cartesian Diver ?
other	What are the largest libraries in the US ?
count	How many people live in the Falklands ?
ind	Who was Camp David named for ?
cremat	What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
ind	Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
desc	What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
other	What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
money	How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
date	In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
country	What country boasts the most dams ?
money	What is the regular price ?
other	What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
other	Where can one find Mozambique ?
manner	How do you recognize anorexia ?
cremat	What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
city	In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
def	What is the largest variety of cactus ?
ind	Who won the first World Series ?
cremat	What did Aaron Hass write ?
desc	Who is Samuel Pickering ?
gr	What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
ind	Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
other	What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
reason	Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
country	What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
count	How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
other	What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
date	When was Queen Victoria born ?
count	How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
desc	What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
other	What is worth seeing in Reims ?
other	What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
date	When was Yemen reunified ?
food	What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
reason	Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
gr	What organization has a Security Council ?
manner	How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
ind	What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
exp	What does NECROSIS mean ?
def	What is magnetar ?
event	What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
color	What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
money	What is the federal minimum wage ?
termeq	Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
other	What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
other	Where is Santa Lucia ?
ind	What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
ind	What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
event	What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
desc	What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
other	What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
date	What year did Apartheid start ?
ind	Who created Big Ben ?
city	What city is found in the city of OZ ?
desc	What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
gr	Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
other	What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
state	What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
gr	What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
state	In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
date	When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
country	What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
gr	In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
food	What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
abb	What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
def	What is a Devo hat ?
period	How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
other	What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
count	How many people live in Tokyo ?
ind	What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
animal	What are birds descendents of ?
gr	When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
cremat	Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
ind	Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
manner	How does a scientific calculator work ?
dismed	What is a fear of fur ?
ind	Who invented the game Scrabble ?
other	What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
date	When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
reason	Why do we have to go to school ?
def	What is Toulmin logic ?
other	A corgi is a kind of what ?
city	What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
def	What is a dangling participle ?
other	What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
period	What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
ind	When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
desc	What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
gr	What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
count	How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
date	When was the first flush toilet invented ?
ind	What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
count	How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
period	How old is the sun ?
perc	What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
manner	How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
manner	How do I write to my Congressman ?
count	How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
termeq	What is the term for a group of geese ?
count	How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
event	What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
country	What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
termeq	What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
ind	What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
ind	Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
ind	Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
def	What is moxie ?
cremat	What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
cremat	What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
ind	Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
city	What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
city	What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
other	What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
dismed	What is a fear of strong light ?
ind	What is a person called that likes fire ?
other	Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
techmeth	What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
gr	Name a South African diamond producer ?
ind	Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
ind	What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
date	What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
gr	Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
ind	What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
country	What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
ind	What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
money	What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
mount	What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
ind	What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
cremat	In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
ind	What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
event	What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
dismed	What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
date	What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
count	How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
def	What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
other	What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
desc	What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
def	What is Nitrox diving ?
country	What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
desc	What happened in the Long March ?
event	What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
manner	How can I find online spelling ?
count	How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
ind	Who made Stonehenge ?
other	What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
sport	What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
ind	Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
date	In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
ind	Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
other	What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
city	What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
date	When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
ind	What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
food	When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
gr	What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
gr	What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
instru	What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
city	What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
other	What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
count	How many meters are in a mile ?
def	What is a gas release event ?
cremat	What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
other	What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
count	How many milligrams are in a gram ?
other	What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
other	Where did he get the title ?
other	Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
ind	What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
ind	Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
period	How long is human gestation ?
def	What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
product	What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
other	Where does Mother Angelica live ?
manner	How can I find out my Moon sign ?
reason	Why does a candle need a wick ?
instru	Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
desc	What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
other	What 's the population of Mississippi ?
ind	Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
cremat	In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
dismed	What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
period	How old is Jeremy Piven ?
desc	What is the history of yo-yos ?
ind	Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
gr	What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
manner	How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
other	What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
count	How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
other	Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
other	What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
other	Where is Amsterdam ?
other	Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
word	What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
ind	Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
city	What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
termeq	Aspartame is known by what other name ?
def	What is pasta ?
ind	Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
color	What color is `` ash '' ?
gr	What is the best distance education university or college ?
other	What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
other	How often are quadruplets born ?
manner	How does psorisis disappear ?
count	How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
color	What three colors are on the French flag ?
desc	What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
other	What are the seven wonders of the world ?
exp	What does CNN stand for ?
ind	What is a person called that likes fire ?
ind	Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
other	What constitutes an adult ?
other	What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
def	What is a neurosurgeon ?
sport	What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
def	What are amaretto biscuits ?
dismed	What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
date	What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
ind	Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
animal	What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
cremat	What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
other	Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
other	What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
manner	How do I give a good massage ?
ind	Who is the father of the computer ?
desc	What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
desc	What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
def	What is the definition of cosmology ?
animal	What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
def	What are manifest and latent function theories ?
cremat	What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
symbol	What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
ind	Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
gr	What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
def	What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
dist	How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
desc	What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
ind	Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
city	What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
reason	Why do men snore ?
reason	What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
ind	What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
state	What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
desc	What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
desc	What does an echidna look like ?
desc	What is the secret of the universe ?
ind	Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
ind	What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
reason	What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
gr	The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
termeq	What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
date	What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
substance	What is glass made of ?
manner	How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
manner	How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
other	What are the biggest Indian airports ?
cremat	What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
other	What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
ind	Who is the Pope ?
other	Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
termeq	What do the French call La Manche ?
techmeth	What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
manner	How do you clean up a cache ?
veh	What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
dismed	What is a fear of being dirty ?
animal	What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
def	What 's the Red Planet ?
count	The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
ind	What 's the most common surname in America ?
period	How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
desc	What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
plant	What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
def	What is tumbled marble ?
techmeth	What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
city	What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
other	Where did bocci originate ?
manner	How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
def	What are the Valdez Principles ?
manner	How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
manner	How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
desc	Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
desc	What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
other	Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
other	What is the frequency of VHF ?
desc	What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
other	What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
count	How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
def	What is digitalis ?
plant	What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
substance	What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
desc	Who was William Henry Harrison ?
desc	What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
def	What is `` flintknapping '' ?
color	What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
city	What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
reason	What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
date	In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
animal	What is the fastest fish in the world ?
color	What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
event	What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
other	What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
country	What countries have the best math students ?
date	When was the De Beers company founded ?
cremat	What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
ind	Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
termeq	What 's another name for aspartame ?
desc	What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
abb	What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
animal	What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
date	What is the date of Bastille Day ?
exp	What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
reason	What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
product	Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
other	Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
color	What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
count	How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
gr	What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
dismed	What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
desc	What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
count	How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
termeq	What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
country	What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
def	What does Tiffany mean ?
reason	Why do magnets attract ?
manner	How do you address a Chinese person ?
def	What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
code	What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
manner	How do I impress a guy ?
techmeth	What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
date	When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
other	What determines the value of the pearl ?
country	Which country did Hitler rule ?
veh	What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
ind	Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
other	What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
city	The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
def	What are the alveoli ?
ind	What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
count	How many Leos have been Pope ?
state	What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
cremat	What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
other	What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
count	How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
ind	What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
def	What is ethylene ?
cremat	What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
