Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and deservedly so, so I am happy to see any of their films.
Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is nearing the completion of his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to reverse ageing, after twenty years.
Ollie and Stan are the chimney sweeps that arrive to do their job, and very quickly Ollie wants to get away from Stan making mistakes.
Ollie goes to the roof to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but Stan in the living room ends up pushing the him back in the attic.
After breaking an extension, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded gun, from off the wall, and of course it fires the brush off.
Stan goes up to have a look, and Ollie, standing on the attic door of the roof, falls into the greenhouse.
Stan asks if he was hurt, and Ollie only answers with "I have nothing to say."
Ollie gets back on the roof, and he and Stan end up in a tug and pull squabble which ends up in Ollie falling down and destroying the chimney.
Ollie, hatless, in the fireplace is hit on the head by many bricks coming down, and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered in chimney ash smoke, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan.
The boys decide to clean up the mess, and when Stan tears the carpet with the shovel, Ollie asks "Can't you do anything right", and Stan replies "I have nothing to say", getting the shovel bashed on his head.
As Ollie holds a bag for Stan to shovel in the ashes, they get distracted by a painting on the wall, and the ashes end up down Ollie's trousers, so Stan gets another shovel bashed on the head.
Professor Noodle finishes his formula, and does a final test on a duck, with a drop in a tank of water, changing it into a duckling.
He also shows the boys his success, turning the duckling into an egg, and he next proposes to use a human subject, i.e.
his butler.
While he's gone, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie ends up being knocked by Stan into the water tank with all the formula.
In the end, what was once Ollie comes out, an ape, and when Stan asks him to speak, all Ollie ape says is "I have nothing to say", and Stan whimpers.
Filled with wonderful slapstick and all classic comedy you could want from a black and white film, it is an enjoyable film.
Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 on The Comedians' Comedian.
Very good!
There is certainly emotion between the two main characters as they explore their relationship--one based primarily on physical attraction from the beginning.
And there is also emotion in the inner-workings of Mathieu's family dealing w/ his mother's problems--and how that comes to bear on their relationship.
But the problem is it leaves a lot of things unanswered (unless I'm just too dumb to pick up on them).
Why is Mathieu in a mental hospital?
What led to the boys' break-up?
And the flashing back between present and past is a little hard to follow at first.
It seems like the main reason to rent this movie is to enjoy some homoerotic vicarious thrills, or some male nudity.
But as a love story or character study it is lacking and unsatisfying.
Romantic comedy is not the correct way to describe "How to lose friends & alienate people".
The underlying romance in the plot is, for the most part, displaced by a far more interesting "rags to riches" tale.
Although the central line of the story is somewhat rushed passed, in several screen shots, it does have a sense of; getting the "nitty gritty" out of the way, focusing on those key relationships which make "office politics" and using those almost irrelevant scenes, used purely for comic effect.
Yet it works so well, especially with Pegg in the front seat.
The film is ultimately very clever, playing well on the trans-Atlantic relationship Pegg shares with his co-stars and merging the cross between the high and low -life society quite well and quite refreshingly in a storyline that despite predictability is somewhat of a unique journey.
The different characters in the film are presented well and casting is definitely a plus point on the film.
Both the "trading places" relationship between Pegg and Huston and the "love, hate" relationship between Pegg and Dunst do work so well in a story that is, for want of a better word, charming.
Even Fox, whose main asset is of course sex appeal, shocks with what turns out to be quite a dark character and acts that "bimbo" role all to well.
Its one of these films where every little detail does pay tribute to a great piece of work.
From transsexual strippers to an amazing soundtrack it all meshes nicely into what can only be described as clever comedy.
First of all I am a butch, straight white male.
But even with that handicap I love this movie.
It's about real people.
A real time and place.
And of course New York City in the 80's.
I had many gay friends growing up in New York in the eighties and the one thing about them i always admired was their courage to live their lives the way they wanted to live them.
No matter what the consequences.
That's courageous.
You have to admire that.
This is a great film, watch it and take in what it was like to be a flamboyant African American or Hispanic Gay man in the New York of the eighties.
It's real life.
Bottom line it's real life.
Pegg has had a few hits in the past few years, starting with "Shaun Of The Dead" in 2004, movie on to "Hot Fuzz 2007", early 2008 he came out with "Run Fat Boy Run" and now comes this, "How To Lose Friends And Alienate People" which is in many ways one of my favourite comedy's of the year.The film is about Sidney Yound, a man who writes a failing magazine who makes fun of celebrity's mostly because he is not one of them.
Anyway, one of the most successful magazine owners (Played By Jeff Bridges) invites him (Out of nostalgia) to work at his magazine.
Sidney is of course excited and moves to America, there he meets a girl currently writing a book, and hilarity ensues.This film is great and I hope more come out like it in the near future.
Pegg has once again given people everywhere another good film and I cant wait to the see the third part of the blood and ice cream trilogy "Paul".
I Rate this film 81%.
I had fun watching this movie, mainly due to Simon Pegg, who has quickly become a solid box office draw for comedy films.He is hired from his dead end London publishing job by big shot NYC media mogul Jeff Bridges, as a writer, for one of his celebrity rags.After paying his dues, he makes it into the higher echelons of celebrity writing hackdom (the "seventh room"), where he gets to be a minor celebrity himself.
The storyline is very funny, and Gillian Anderson puts in an impressive supporting role as a cutthroat publicity agent.Along the way to success, he finds the true meaning of love, etc.The formulaic plot aside, the movie was very funny, mainly due to Simon Pegg, Jeff Bridges, and Gillian Anderson.
Kirsten Dunst was good as the love interest.
The rest of the supporting cast did its job well.This was a good comedy & well worth checking out at the theaters.
I was very surprised with this film.
I was touched with the lives that paulie touched along his way to find his "marie" the little girl he was separated from.
The humor was also very good and it did not hurt the story as i thought it would probably do.
Actually i was expecting "paulie wants a cracker" jokes to hurt this film but even that was done in a very humorous scene that turns very touching when paulie is in the research lab press room conference.
So if you wish to see a good "animal that talks" film check this one out, much better than Dr. DOLITTLE in my opinion.
PAULIE also has a surprised twist in the end that is done very nicely as well.
To like this movie at most you must be a)strongly in love (without a marriage) b) acknowledge English humor which is about admiring gallant and witty life situations and not just running gags c) be fairly very intelligent, because authors gave an opportunity to laugh and cry over every single minute of this movie, and only if you meet "b" and "c" requirements, you can recognize and enjoy author's input.
d) to fully enjoy the movie you must love women like Kirsted Dunst, who is so natural, sweet and irresistible.
e)you must admire creative, a little melancholic people with great and remarkable personalitiesif you meet all these requirements you'll be likely to rate this movie near 10 points.I never laughed half(!)
as much as from watching this masterpiece.
And i even managed to cry while laughing in some moments (i always get sensitive, whenever good things happen to Kirsten Dunst)
How to lose friends and alienate people is decent comedy with a bit of romantic approach.It's actually a story of Sidney Young(Simon Pegg) breaking through in journalist and magazine writing business which is interpreted in a funny way.
Simon Pegg made an OK appearance, slightly worse than his usual.
Movie is not hilarious or funny all the way or anything like that but it has its moments, and those moments are really hilarious.I recommend this fun and worth watching American with English cream comedy to all people who just wanna sit, relax and enjoy movie for what it is.
If you're about to watch this movie with critical approach then you should pass unless you want to be disappointed and start trashing it.
I believe I received this film when I was a young buck.
I remembered watching it as a child, but i could never find the film.
I remembered good ol Rageddy Ann, Andy, Babette, the Greedy, King Koo Koo.
I searched high and low for this movie and still no luck.
But one day when I was moving out of my childhood home I had found it.
We were reunited.
I am 17 years old now.
I still watch it.
All the time actually.
It's one of the funniest and touching movies I have ever seen and enjoyed at the same time.
And personally I think they should make a sequel.
Mmm, yes a sequel indeed.
Now i am even considering getting the captains bird tattooed somewhere on my body!
One of the most nihilistic and brutal films I've ever seen, but also one of the most tragic and moving ones.
This is an action-melodrama like the world has never seen it before.
Sometimes the plot got me close to tears, while in the next moment delivering shocking revelations like a bone-crunching blow to the guts.
Chilling performance by Edison Chen.
The story of a HK-Cop and a Cambodian killer hunting each other down, while bit by bit losing their humanity, is a strong one.
Featuring very little dialog in favor of haunting imagery and gritty camera-work, "Dog bite Dog" is pure HK-Bloodshed without the Heroism.
UK newspaper reviews seem to have concentrated on the fact that the reviewers tend to know Toby Young, the journalist on whose real-life experiences this movie is based.
The key word here is "based".
How To Lose Friends is a fictitious romcom.Sidney Young joins a prestigious gossip magazine in New York, where he proceeds to make gaffe after gaffe before finally Getting It Right and Making It.
This involves him selling out, and the movie has some serious points to make about journalistic integrity.
However, they are not overdone: the main substance remains a comedy which centres around Sidney's misadventures.
The script has its cake and eats it in that Sidney is a stupid, well-meaning buffoon at the same time as being a smart, moderately obnoxious skilled writer.
This contradiction is never that much of an issue, because Simon Pegg (as Sidney) projects likability too well.Jeff Bridges underplays Sidney's editor a little too effectively, and Kirsten Dunst is rather anonymous as the conflicted eventual object of Sidney's affections And, with regard to Megan Fox (who plays an airhead bimbo starlet), I can say only this: just say the word, Miss Fox, and I will leave my wife, sell all my belongings, and buy myself a plane ticket in order to take my place at your side as your consort.
Of course, given that I'm a fat 56-year-old English accountant, you might not find my offer too enticing, but it's there on the table anyway.
Given how short her career has been so far, one might think it is a little too soon for Megan Fox to take on a role which mercilessly lampoons the sort of actress she might be thought to become: however, she does it sweetly, with some skill, and extremely sexily.
This girl will go far.There is stalwart support from a variety of seasoned performers - Miriam Margolyes and Bill Paterson from the UK, Gillian Anderson and Danny Huston from the US.There are several laugh-out-loud moments, and I smiled most of the way through.
As ever, the F-word makes appearances when it really doesn't need to, although at least a couple of these are very funny.
The concept of having Laurel & Hardy this time in the role of chimney sweepers works out surprisingly hilarious.
It guarantees some funny situations and silly antics, from especially Stan Laurel of course as usual.The movie also has a subplot with a nutty professor who is working on a rejuvenation formula.
It doesn't really sound like a logical mix of story lines and incoherent but both plot lines blend in perfectly toward the memorable ending.
It's still a bit weird but its funny nevertheless, so it works for the movie.The supporting cast of the movie is surprising good.
Sam Adams is great as the stereotypical butler and Lucien Littlefield goes deliciously over-the-top as the nutty professor.The movie is filled with some excellent timed and hilarious constructed sequences, which are all quite predictable but become hilarious to watch nevertheless thanks to the way they are all executed.
It all helps to make "Dirty Work" to be one of the better Laurel & Hardy shorts.8/10
Despite being quite far removed from my expectations, I was thoroughly impressed by Dog Bite Dog.
I rented it not knowing much about it, but I essentially expected it to be a martial arts/action film in the standard Hong Kong action tradition, of which I am a devoted fan.
I ended up getting something entirely different, which is not at all a bad thing.
While the film could be classified as such, and there is definitely some good action and hand to hand combat scenes in the film, it is definitely not the primary focus.
Its characters are infinitely more important to the film than its fights, a rather uncommon thing in many Hong Kong action movies.I was really quite surprised by the intricacy of the characters and character relationships in the film.
The lead character, played by Edison Chen (who is really very good), becomes infinitely more complex by the end of the film than I ever thought he would be after watching the first thirty minutes.
The police characters also defied my expectations thoroughly.
In fact, the stark and honest portrayal of the seldom seen dark side of the police force was quite possible my favorite aspect of the film.
I don't know that I would say Dog Bite Dog entirely subverts typical notions of bad criminal, good cop, but it certainly distorts them in ways not often seen in film (unfortunately).
So many films, especially Hong Kong action films I find, portray police in what is frankly a VERY ignorantly idealized light.
This is one of my least favorite things about the genre.
I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog actually had some very unique, and really quite courageous, ideas to present about the police force.
There are negotiation scenes in this film that I have never seen the likes of before, and doubt I will ever see again, and am sure I will remember for quite a while.
Also, the criminal characters are shown from an interesting perspective as well, there is some documentary footage in the film of Cambodian boys no older than ten being made to fight each other to the death with their bare hands, which I thought was one of the film's most powerful and moving moments.
It says a lot about the reason these guys are the way they are, rather than simply condemning them.
Also, the relationship between Chen's character and the girl he meets in the junk yard reveals a lot about his character.
It wasn't until this element entered the film that I really started to see the film as an emotional experience rather than only a visceral one.
There is something about most on screen relationships that doesn't quite get through to me, but for some reason this one really did.
The actress does an incredible job with this role which I imagine was not easy to play.Dog Bite Dog also features some really breathtaking cinematography, all though it is unfortunately rather uneven.
There were some moments that I found really striking, particularly in the last segment of the film, but there was also a good deal of camera work that was just OK. Another slight problem I had was with the pacing, which I also felt was uneven.
I found a lot of the "looking for a boat" scenes to be a little alienating, all though it quickly picks up after that.
The action scenes are short and not too plentiful, but are truly powerful and effecting, particularly towards the end.
The fight choreography is honestly not all that impressive for the most part, all though to its credit it is solid and fairly realistic, but the true strength is the emotional content behind the fights.
The final scene, while not a marvel of martial artistry or fight choreography, is one of the most powerful final fights I have ever seen, and I've seen quite a few martial arts films.I suppose the biggest determining factor of whether or not one will get much out of Dog Bite Dog is whether or not you can connect with the characters.
All of them are certainly some of the more flawed characters one is likely to see in a film of any kind, but there was something very human about all of them that I couldn't help but be drawn to and really feel for them, particularly Chen's girlfriend.
I should say that I doubt most people will like the film as much as I did simply because I imagine that most people will not like or care about the characters in the same way, but I still recommend it highly all the same.
It is truly a deeply moving and effecting film if you give it a chance.
Peaches is truly a marvelous film.
I write this to refute a review from someone called 'Auscrit', that has appeared on this site.
First of all the idea that either Monahans first film 'The Interview' is somehow TV is an extraordinary statement.
Here is a film that has been significantly praised around the world as is simply one of the best Australian Films ever made.
It fully deserved to win best picture.
Peaches is a brave, bold and courageous departure.
For me it works on every level and I have now seen it twice.
Monahan is a filmmaker who is demonstrating great skill and incredible sensitivity.
For 'Auscrit' to make the comment that it is another TV movie etc and that Hugo Weaving is no good simply does not 'get' the film.
Or more particularly does not want to get it.
Frankly it is the sort of comment that one expects from either another filmmaker who is jealous or bitter or both.
Or someone from inside the industry either distribution, exhibition or bureaucracy.
Your average punter, I have found just does not write comments like that.
I have noticed other comments on the site and reference to the film Sommersault.
One has to wonder what people think they are looking at.
Unfortunately in Australia at the time SS was released the push was, if you did not like it then there was something wrong with you not the film.
This manipulation of the media is pretty common down under.
The reality is the only similarity between the two films are that they are rights of passage films.
Unfortunately for me SS is a film about nothing, that could have been told in 15 minutes.
I see it as a one dimensional film about anxiety.
Peaches in comparison is a master piece.
Personally I cannot wait to what Monahan does next as he is clearly way ahead of any of his contemporaries when it comes to cinema.
In conclusion if the film does not win all at this years AFI's and IF awards, then it is a rigged game.
As for Auscrit, please find something more constructive do with your time
Growing up in NYC in the late 80's/early 90's club-scene, I can personally say this is one of the most important documentaries made in covering that place in this time period.
No Madonna did not come up with the idea of Voguing but this is where she got it from!
Instead of taking out violence on each other or in bitchy cat fights, voguing allowed people to "fight" within the confines of everything short of touching each other (which would warrant an automatic disqualification).
Seeing these kind of extraordinarily talented/well orchestrated "throw-downs" in the clubs was nothing short of spectacular and all the big names from back in the day are here...Pepper La Beija, Paris Duprée,Xtragavaganza, etc...all commemorated in the likes of such period-pieces as Malcom McLaren's song "Deep in Vogue"...it didn't matter who you were, or where you were from because when you walked through those doors into this "magic kingdom" of sorts, you became part of something bigger than yourself/you were important/and most importantly the creation of your own moves and imagination...and anybody from anywhere could become King (or Queen) as the case may have been.
The words and wit were just as sharp as the moves on the floor.
All of the tension, excitement, and magic of that very urban NYC energy is captured in this film.
BRILLIANT!!!
PLEASE RELEASE ON DVD for the world to see!!!
Thank You!
Somehow, this movie manages to be invigorating, bittersweet, and heartwarming at the same time.
Stars like Tony Shalhoub (from Providence) bring the tale to life.
The story itself is inspiring.
We see a desperate, up-and-down life through the most innocent eyes imaginable: a bird's.Paulie begins his life as a baby parrot given to a little girl (played by Hallie Eisenberg, also known as the Pepsi girl) with a speech impediment.
While she learns to speak correctly, so does Paulie.
However, unlike most birds, he can speak and understand everything being said.
The military father doesn't like the bird, so he is sent to a pawn shop and bought by an aging artist, Ivy.
She teaches him manners, etc., while traveling across the country to find Paulie's owner.
The movie continues with several twists of fate, until Paulie ends up at a laboratory where he is eventually hidden away in a basement, and found by a Russian custodian, who is touched by the bird's story.
the plot is in keeping with the simple, metaphorical theme that language is a gift, and a curse.
I would like to say that the soundtrack is astounding.
A beautiful mixture of flute, digital base, and horns enhance the movie to the point of pure ecstasy.
The sweeping camera angles and breathtaking scenery beautify the story even more.
And, as a final remark, the puppetry is entirely believable.
(Unlike in star wars, where Yoda resembles a Muppet) This film is one of my favorite movies, with the added remark that my wonderful parakeet of four years died recently.
Overall, I give this movie **** out of four stars, two thumbs up, and a big hug.
I won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to Israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide.
It unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life.
As she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it leads inexorably to a devastating conclusion.
The film is expertly paced and the acting, especially by Talia Sharon as Ya'ara, the blind woman, is excellent.
Israeli film has definitely come of age and is now fully competitive with other foreign films, though few have found a large audience in the U.S.
Hmmmm, want a little romance with your mystery?
This has it.
I think if the romance was ditched this would have made for a better movie.
But how could the romance be ditched when the story's borrowed from something called a Harlequin Romance novel, whatever the heck that is.
Had the romance been ditched, the story might have been a little too weak.
The mystery here wasn't too bad, quite interesting but nothing on the level of Mission Impossible international espionage.
Oh well.
I thought Mel Harris was pretty good; her short skirts, i think, added some sex appeal... but this Rob Stewart guy probably could have been better cast, maybe with a more well known TV movie actor.
The directing was decent and the writing could have been improved on - both could have been a little edgier, a little darker, more adventurous.
One thing that was great about this was the use of real European locations.
That could easily have been changed so this could have been filmed in Canada but they really were in magnificently beautiful places like Budapest.
Possibly a drawback was the director and/or cinematographer's choice to frame certain shots picture postcard perfect.
Not good.
Had this been a more dramatic motion picture shot for the big screen, picture postcard perfect scenes really need to take a backseat and just be a nice part of the background.
This was just a tv-movie, though, so they had to add some Ummmph to the picture and some of that Ummmph came from the scenery.
Overall, twasn't really a bad movie.
I'll tell you what, this was absolutely the best Canadian-Hungarian production I have ever seen!
(and the only that i know of.)
I hereby proclaim this to be a mediocre made-for-tv movie, giving it a grade of C-
I never really watched this program before although it came highly recommended by members of my family.
Funnily enough, my girlfriend lives in Hadfield (the filming location) and she pointed out a few landmarks when I first visited.This got my interest going so I bought the 1st series on video and sat down to watch.
Besides recognising some of the locations, I found myself not in the least bit surprised.
Once again the BBC were responsible for producing another example of the finest comedy in the world.
TLOG easily ranks up there with Red Dwarf, Fawlty Towers and Monty Python as probably the best.Suffice to say I am hooked on the program now.
The characters are superb and show unusual depth while retaining a scarily realistic edge.
The look and feel of the program is perfect and reflects the sometimes bleak feeling of the North (no disrespect to Hadfield which I have found a very welcoming and warm place).I only hope that it continues its originality throughout its run (which based upon the 2nd series which concluded its rerun in the UK last night, it certainly is).Well done the BBC!
!
A sentimental story with a sentimental sound track.
It's about a little girl ( with a voice impediment ) who treasures her green parrot Paulie.
The parrot thinks and talks like a human being and gives help and advice to his constant companion.The parrot is definitely the star of the film.
At times mischievous and at times in fits of depression the bird captures the mood in a most remarkable and expressive way.
The synchronised voice too is very well done and within a minute or two you can actually believe that this intelligent little bird exists.Early in the film her father gives the bird to a pawnbroker and the subsequent scenes tell the story of Paulie's constant struggle over many years to be re-united with his mistress.
One of the many memorable scenes is when he falls into bad company and is encouraged to spy on people using the automatic teller machines.
Paulie it seems has a phenomenal memory.The ending is predictable, but who would want it otherwise.
Children will love this film and anybody who keeps a bird as a pet will delight in Paulie's antics.
Paulie is a fantasy of a littler girl or perhaps her recollection of what her youth was like growing up.Tony Shaloub executes a flawless performance as an Russian Scientist (PhD) who cannot find decent work in America.
He befriends an isolated parrot while performing meanial duties of a janitor at a behavioral science lab.The chief Doctor is a bitter man, as Paulie, who can speak and fully comprehend language and learn, embarasses the Doctor, who later banishses him to the lower levels of the building, where Mikail (Tony S.) finds him.Paulie recants his life with Marie and how they lost each other.
The quest begins to reunite Paulie with Marie, only more than 20 years has passed.The movie ends, some will say predictably, with Mikail reuniting Paulie with Marie.
The story closes with the three entering Marie's home, where you can make the final your own choice.Great family film!
one of the best low budget movies from Germany!
is this is the dark side of new age?
if you believe in esoteric, please don't watch this movie!
it blows all your positive fantasies away.
this movie shows that beyond the peaceful façade of spiritual soul searching lies a world of extreme transgressions and terror.
i hope there will be a 35 mm copy soon!
Andreas Marschall's first film is just the beginning of a new area, making movies with a few euros!
i'm waiting for the second hit!
In 1993, with the success of the first season of Batman: The Animated Series, Warner Brothers commissioned the team responsible for the hit-show with producing a feature-length movie, originally slated for Direct-To-Video, but bumped up to theatrical status.
It would become known as Batman: Mask of the Phantasm.
Ten years after Phantasm, we have had an additional three feature-films released from the boys at the WB, Sub-Zero, Return of the Joker, and now, Mystery of the Batwoman joins the family.The plot is basic and in many ways similar to Mask of the Phantasm: A new female vigilante modeling herself after Batman has begun targeting operations run by Gotham mob boss Rupert Thorne and Oswald Cobblepot AKA The Penguin.
Now, Batman must attempt to unravel the mystery of the Batwoman before she crosses the line.The animation is the sleeker, futuristic style that was utilized for Batman: The Animated Series' fifth and sixth seasons (AKA The New Batman Adventures).
, it's quite nicely done, and just as sleek as Return of the Joker's animation.
There is also some use of CGI, but it's minor compared to the overabundance of it in Sub-Zero.
The music was alright.
Different and exotic and similar to the Justice League score, although the points in the score when the old animated Batman theme comes up will be sure to send waves of nostalgia through the older fans' rodent-shaped hearts.Kevin Conroy, as always, does a wonderful job as Bruce Wayne and Batman.
It's also great to have the old Batman: The Animated Series alumni back; that includes Bob Hastings (Commissioner Gordon), Robert Costanzo (Detective Bullock), Tara Strong (Barbara Gordon/Batgirl; her cameo hints at the romantic-relationship between her and Bruce that was mentioned in Batman Beyond), and Efrem Zimbalist Jr.(Alfred).Villains were also great - especially given that Rupert Thorne, the old mob boss from the original series, appears for the first time since the fourth season.Overall, while not quite reaching the standard set by Mask of the Phantasm ten years ago, MOTB carries on the torch quite nicely for the animated Batman films.
And if you have the DVD and are a hardcore fan, you will love the five-minute short Chase Me.
This has to be one of the best movies to come out of HK in a long time, i was eagerly waiting to get my hands on this movie just looking at the title.
Loads of fantastic actors in this show and i was particularly impressed with Sam Lee's impossibly believable insane behavior and Edison's portrayal of a killer machine, which totally reversed his normal idol image.
i would definitely recommend to those looking for a stylish and action packed movie.
However, i must warn you, this is also an equally depressing movie, as every character in the movie is in some kind of dead end and trouble of their own, and struggling to breathe.
Makes you think about what is life about really.
I absolutely LOVED this movie!
It was SO good!
This movie is told by the parrot, Paulie's point of view.
Paulie is given to the little girl Marie, as a present.
Paulie helps Marie learn to talk and they become best friends.
But when Paulie tells Marie to fly, she falls and the bird is sent away.
That's when the adventure begins.
Paulie goes through so much to find his way back to Marie.
This movie is so sweet, funny, touching, sad, and more.
When I first watched this movie, it made me cry.
The birds courage and urge to go find his Marie for all that time, was so touching.
I must say that the ending is so sweet and sad, but you'll have to watch it to find out how it goes.
At the end, the janitor tries to help him, after hearing his story.
Will he find his long lost Marie or not?
Find out when you watch this sweet, heart warming movie.
It'll touch your heart.
Rating:10
This film came out 12 years years ago, and was a revelation even for people who knew something of the drag scene in New York.
The textbooks on drag performance say nothing of these vogueing houses.
Anthony Slide's 'Great Pretenders' says nothing.
Julian Fleisher's "The Drag Queens of New York: An Illustrated Field Guide" with its flow chart of influence that pulls together Julian Eltinge, Minette, the Warhol queens, and the 90s club scene - and postdates the film - ignores the houses completely.
Even Laurence Senelick's "The Changing Room" - the closest thing that we have to a definitive book on drag performance rushes quickly past the film and does not give the background information that one would have expected from it.I understand from the film itself,and various articles I found on the web that this house system goes back decades.
The major film performance by a house member prior to 1990 seems to be Chrystal La Beija in "The Queen", 1968.
The historical context is the biggest missing part of "Paris is Burning".The film is valuable because it focuses on a scene otherwise being ignored.
It is a valuable snapshot of life in 1989.
The unfortunate fact that Venus Xtravaganza was murdered during filming provides a very dramatic ending, but this is not the only film about transsexuals to include a real-life murder.
As we now know, Dorian Corey had a mummified corpse in her literal closet, but this did not come out until three years later.Of historical importance, but we still need someone to do either a book or a documentary film that provides more context.
This movie has everything.
Emotion, power, affection, Stephane Rideau's adorable naked beach dance...
It exposes the need for real inner communion and outer communication in any relationship.
Just because Cedric and Mathieu are a couple who happen to be gay doesn't mean there isn't quite useful insight for anybody in it.
I would probably classify it as a gay movie, but one that can be appreciated and loved by heterosexual people as well as homosexual and bisexual people.
Mathieu's incapacity to handle his emotions divulges the way our society doesn't encourage us to act any differently, and that is what engenders the discord between him and Cedric.
This is definitely a must-see!!!
!
Love it, love it, love it!
This is another absolutely superb performance from the Divine Miss M. From the beginning to the end, this is one big treat!
Don't rent it- buy it now!
Worth watching twice because of the rapid-paced causal shifts among several compelling stories, "Bug" emerges as a wholly satisfying work of art that plays ever-optimistic love against myriad examples of frustrating reality.My favorite characters are Wallace (John Carroll Lynch)whose overriding concern for life--from that of a cockroach to the airline passengers for whom he is partially responsible--frames the film; Olive (Christina Kirk), who spends considerable time creating surreal but tasty meals for her impossible husband Ernie (Chris Bauer); and Mitchell, a cable TV technician with unbounded trust in fortune cookie messages: "You will meet the girl of your dreams.
"Against such optimism are the forces of quirky reality, all generated by actions of the characters: parking tickets, a clogged drain in a Chinese food/donut shop, TV disruption, a crushed auto fender, an obliterated dinner reservation that eventually results in cancellation of a Hawaiian vacation.The film is funny: Olive getting drunk at a Chippendale performance, Johnston (Michael Hitchcock)as a customer service rep attempting to deal with an irate customer, the germ-obsessive Cyr (Brian Cox) facing a restaurant inspector, Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) reacting to his girlfriend's refusal to have children by writing hostile Chinese cookie fortunes: "Your girlfriend is lying to you" and the guy who falls asleep while manning a jackhammer because he spent the night looking for his girlfriend's missing cat.A minor story with public cable access host (Darryl Theirse) and a local acting teacher reading from "The Boy in the Bubble" expresses the major theme: love comes from the heart.
"Bug" entertains on much the same level as "trains, planes and automobiles" but on a lower budget and with a fresher eye.
Now here's a film straight out of my childhood, my family used to taped; but it kind of got tapped over and losted over the years.
Now I was fortunate to watch the whole film on youtube.com; I had love this wonderful film when I watched it as kid, and after watching again (online), I still do today.
My favorite song from the movie is "Candy Hearts and Paper Flowers" (I will always remember that sweet song forever).
I was surprised when I looked at the opening credits (on who animated who),that some of the animators date back to 1930s (WOW!
that's like 47 years).
Darius Goes West is a film depicting American belief that everything is possible if you try hard enough.
This wonderful fun filled and sometimes heartbreaking film shows a young man who never expected, but longed to see, what was outside the confines of his lovely city of Athens, GA. Darius wished to see the ocean.
His longtime friends Logan, Ben and several other good friends decided to make Darius' wish come true.
They started small - Ben & Logan's mom started an email campaign to bring awareness to Darius' condition: Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy and to raise funds for the fellas to take Darius to not only see the ocean but to see these great United States.
To say the young college buddies succeeded in bringing hope and awareness to this dreaded disease would be an understatement.
They realized Darius' dream and then some.
They put their lives on hold while showing love, care and tons of fun to Darius while helping Darius see how he can in turn show those same traits to others suffering from DMD.
Darius went on to volunteer for the Red Cross - sitting in his chair collecting money (along with his buddies) outside a local grocery store.
His wonderful smile tells the world that dreams do come true - all you need is hope and a group of college friends to support and care for you.
Give Darius and all the guys an Oscar - no one else deserves it more.
Martha Sweeney.
I didn't give this movie a perfect score in order to be honest in comparing to great classics like "Citizen Kane" and "Seven Samaurai."
However, this movie is so all-around wonderful, it's a real shame it scores so poorly for the general IMDb voter.
However, the IMDb voter leans to the geeky, and "Paulie" doesn't qualify for that.The only acting criticism I might suggest is that Hallie Kate Eisenberg didn't portray the perfect stuttering child.
I'm sorry, but asking a 6 year-old child to out-do Dustin Hoffman as the Rainman is asking for the impossible in film-making.Moving past that minor complaint, the movie has the best of many films: buddy road-trip, con-games, hero as friendly party-animal (party-bird?
), Disney-like humor for young and old, etc.
What's not to like?
Tony Shaloub wears his role like a pair of comfortable jeans.
That's normal for him, it seems.
("I'm Russian...
I LIKE long stories.)
I don't like mangoes, but he almost makes me want to go out and buy one.
Watch the movie and that will make sense.Buddy Hackett and Cheech Marin make very appropriate appearances in the film.
Roles that are quite fitting to what we all know about them.
I have always found Jay Mohr to be a bit slimy, and his on-screen role fits that as well.
The only surprise to me was finding that Jay was also Paulie's voice.
In the end, even that works well; put Parrot and anti-Parrot together as a team and it creates a magic of its own.If you are trying to find a film for you and the kids that is neither insulting nor boring for either, "Paulie" is a perfect candidate.
I will, however, admit that a happy moment colors my review of "Paulie."
I was on a road-trip during a major heat-wave.
The car's air-conditioning died, half the restaurants had dead cooling (as did our hotel) and I said, "let's watch a movie where there is working air-conditioning."
So we did.
So for 100 minutes we were cooled, amused, and given a heart-warming experience.
When I saw it recently on VCR under less emotional circumstances, I realized just how well this movie was made.It's a sleeper film you won't regret watching.
I have seen this film numerous times and for the life of me, I cannot understand why some people compare this to BABE.
This film is not about the secret life of ALL animals who secretly can talk.
Instead, it is about a Parrot who learns to talk to help his owner, a little girl with a serious stammer, overcome her speech impediment only to be separated from her in a heart-wrenching scene early on.
Then the great journey begins.
Paulie the Parrot sets out to try and find his one great friend, Marie.Along the way, he meets several wonderful people and numerous nasty people.
He falls in love with a girl parrot and loses her.
He gets conned into a life of crime and then captured by a bad scientist who wants to exploit him.He recounts his tale to a sympathetic Janitor in the Lab who agrees to help him escape and find his beloved Marie.Tony Shaloub shines as the kindly Janitor who has an open mind and big heart and who determines to help little Paulie despite the risks.
Jay Mohr plays the voice of the Parrot AND one of the seedy characters he comes across.There is a little suggestive language but this film is appropriate for most kids and even more so if the parents join in on the fun and watch too.
It is a witty, clever, epic animal-adventure story and ultimately a great love story about a Bird and his little girl.
He search for Marie ends with a quite an unexpected surprise for most people who don;t know much about Parrots.Kids who have seen the wild Green Parrot Tribes in Los Angeles and Pasadena will especially benefit from seeing this film and understanding that Birds, especially Parrots are not disposable pets.
All children everywhere, will see that Pets form deep attachments themselves and that the love and loyalty of a dog or parrot is a gift to be treasured.so no BABE here, more of an incredible journey with a twist.Enjoy and try no to tear up during the sad parts.
Maybe "Presque Rien" is not the best movie ever made...
But it is better than many of you have said.
I still haven't seen a homo-themed movie better than this one.You Americans are accustomed to watch very narrative movies, with a clear beginning, development and outcome.
But European movies are less narrative, but makes you think much and feel.Many of you didn't understand the sense of the movie..
The purpose of this one is not show us a simple "summer loving movie", with commercial characters who "fall in love and live happy forever".
Summer Holidays and beach are only a background, and this movie is directed to every young boy who may feel identified with those boys.Maybe some of you didn't understand well this movie, because of its 3 parts, showed as flashbacks.
These 3 moments are: - Summertime in Pornichet, when they meet and love.
- After a year and half living together in Nantes, Mathieu doesn't go to a psychiatric himself.
He tries to suicide taking something, and Cedric brings him to hospital.
Later, he appears talking with a psychiatrist to find the reason about he done that.
- The last part, is when Mathieu come back to Pornichet, in winter, alone.. to think about how his life have changed, how his life become to be, and trying to find himself.It's possible that some people couldn't understand all this well, because all the scenes are mixed among them.
But anyway, as I said before... this is not a funny movie.
If what someone want to see is meat, for that, we have Belami movies.Presque Rien, what want to show us, is how cruel can be the life, for a young boy who is not sure about his feelings and not sure about what to do in life.
Mathieu only wants to go away from home, and try to live the kind of life that he thought could bring him the happiness..
But what seemed perfect at the beginning.. later is not as good as he thought, and he become troubled, and feel that he has lost the way of his life.
He is lost and doesn't know what he really wants to do, or what makes him happy.
He finally become depressed and tries to commit suicide.
So, funny?
Is not a funny movie.
Very hot scenes?
only a few.. but this is not a movie for entertainment.
Is all about feelings... friendship, love, happiness, unhappiness, pain, depression, loneliness...
I, as many others, feel identified with life and problems of Mathieu, and that is what director wanted to do.. a movie who show us the cruel reality of a boy's life.For me, the best homo-themed movie ever.
I saw this movie on the BIFFF Festival in Brussel, spring 2004.
What a surprise!
This German production, a stylish and imaginative shocker, is one of the scariest flic i have seen.
Be warned: this is not a joke!
This terrorizer has a big cast of good actors (as an example:Peter Martell as a European guru has a strong presence), excellent direction, nice production design, a very good soundtrack and a lot of heavy gore sfx like Italian horror movies in the eighties.
Flesh ripped clean to the bone...and the blood runs red ...this savage Heart Stopper will grip you...and give you some dark dreams ... A must-see!
!
Finally we have before us a Category III movie for the summer 2006 season.
Made of equal parts cruelty, crime and passion, Dog Bite Dog benefits not merely from an apt title, but also flexible direction, superb cinematography and respectable performances from most involved.
Of course there has to be a catch, manifested here in the form of several glaring inconsistencies, yet all told DBD represents the mature spirit we'd love to see more of in the HK mainstream.It also marks the heralded return of Edison Chen, long absent since the Initial D debacle of a year ago.
Chen's reserved machismo does wonders for the movie, yet would have had it rough without opposite Sam Lee, whose knack for alternating between physical comedy (Crazy 'N' the City, No Problem 2) and lunatic menace has culminated in the strongest role we've seen from him since Made in Hong Kong.Together, the duo makes Dog Bite Dog, and hopefully Edison's going to get an easier break from now on as a consequence: his touch transformed projects from Princess D to the Infernal Affairs saga, and still he remains a rare occurrence.Mostly upon commencing, DBD showcases some mesmerizing imagery, playing gorgeous tricks with light, shadow and perspective.
The soundtrack boosts this atmospheric effect, adding to the overall unreal mood the film purveys.
Much of the resultant combination probably has to do with writer Matt Chow, previously engaged in likewise gruesome Three Extremes.
Dog Bite Dog retains numerous traits recalled from that horror project, namely rundown urbanscapes and a pervasive air of something eerie lurking round the corner.Rest assured, though, this isn't a horror movie, instead following a path trodden before by classic One Nite in Mongkok, albeit from a miles more perverse angle.
Replacing Daniel Wu's reluctant mainland assassin character we have Edison, playing a nameless killing machine hailing from Cambodia's underworld.
Sent Hong Kong-way to execute a single target, the nearly silent assassin takes care of business immediately upon arrival, a process chillingly depicted courtesy of the film's brilliant visuals.Although weaned from childhood to become a professional killer, Edison's eponymous wild dog still has human weaknesses and leaves a trail, picked up on by a CID team sent to investigate.
This assembly features a nice cameo by mob-movie stalwart Lam Suet, and good support from TV star Wayne Lai.
However, Sam Lee's renegade officer Wai leads the charge, revealing himself to be a highly disturbed individual but excellent cop nonetheless.
We gradually learn Wai's inner-conflict stems from his father's police corruption background, evoking demons handy in the relentless pursuit that ensues.A minor body count transpires, as Edison seems to consider taking prisoners a no-no.
There's quite the violence quotient in store, even though gore per se feels toned down in places, and adult language only makes a token appearance.
Once more, no nudity, leading one to conclude Cat III's are being handed these days a bit hastily.
Still, DBD's a relatively mature theatrical release, and we applaud its arrival.In between the fighting, stabbing , hacking and shooting, even a career murderer needs some romance, and just like Daniel Wu had Cecilia Cheung in One Nite, so does intrepid Mr. Chen get a sweetheart, done beautifully by new comer Pei Pei.
Her unnamed character (lots of anonymity in this one) meets Edison's at a strangely deserted landfill, abused by her father to the point of repulsive madness and yearning for escape.
When the killer ditches HK, he agrees to take her with him, and they go on the run together, love blooming en route.
While the movie doesn't linger on lovey-dovey stuff, our hearts go out to Pei Pei's tragic character and her endless suffering.
She renders the timid but valiant protagonist amazingly well, establishing that there aren't any good or bad guys here, evinced by the highly sobering finale.Director Cheang Soi's portfolio includes recent suspense thriller Home Sweet Home and Love Battlefield with Eason Chan, two numbers likely surpassed in most accounts by Dog Bite Dog's sinister demeanor.
Cheang manages to keep DBD flowing throughout, and considering the many parts in play here, stands up to critical standards erected by people like Johnny To in his watershed nocturnal epic The Mission.
A couple of glitches do come about, to wit Edison miraculously shrugging off a shot to the chest, but these are highly forgivable.Marking triumphant returns for two young, talented performers of the kind Hong Kong needs if we want the city's movie heyday to come back, Dog Bite Dog doesn't stand out for story.
Its forte lies in strong portrayals and style, buoyed along on the strength of thespian muscle and a keen eye for visual and auditory finesse.HK has a long, time-honored tradition of stories to do with the city's nighttime alter-ego, something Dog Bite Dog upholds lovingly, amounting to a solid run if not an outright masterpiece.Rating: * * * *
It aired on TV yesterday, so I decided to check it out.
This was one of the last Bruce Timm/Paul Dini DTV projects related to their old 1992 Batman the Animated Series, after that Jeff Matsuda came along and re-imagined Batman with his new The Batman series, but anyway, the story of this new Batman movie centers around the appearance of a new vigilante known as Batwoman, however Batman feels the need to stop her because of her extreme methods, and also in the meantime take down The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn who both are secretly working with Carlton Duquesne(who's having family troubles) and another villain(which is later revealed in the movie) on a weapons smuggling operation,they also put a bounty on the Batwoman.
The question is: who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that they could be more then one?
It's up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop Penguin's latest operation.
For an animated movie, it has a fairly complex plot and a serious tone, which is good.
Another plus was the complete redesign of the Penguin who looks much more like the sophisticated Mob Boss we're used to seeing in the comics, unlike his previous designs that borrowed elements from Tim Burton vision of Pengium(sewer rat and circus freak).
Even though the movie contains a love subplot it's never carried that far and doesn't derail the movie like say, Batman Forever.
The voice acting is standard quality for these direct-to-video projects(if only Batman: Mask of Phantasm took this route), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman/Bruce Wayne.
And like I said despite running for some very short 80 minutes, it manages to make a pretty good(and complex) storyline complete with a few minor twists and bucket loads of action.
There are a few downsides, however, Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne don't click as a couple, even though is just referenced, Tim Drake(aka Robin) does very little in the movie and to be quite frank, I was never a big fan of Paul Dini and Bruce Timm's Batman character design(especially in their Batman shows post-BTAS), this The New Adventures of Batman and Robin, well, it kinda makes Batman look fat then rather a well-built bulked up individual(kinda like the Jeff Matsuda character model from The Batman).
Bruce Wayne seems a bit awkward, those blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent then Bruce(though it's true they do look very much alike).
Another downside is Rupert Throne(no explanation as to why he is in this deal, but it's safe to say he's has goons and what's a cut of the deal) which does very little more then hang out with the Penguim or get himself hurt every time he points a gun at someone(count how many times this happens in the movie and you'll be surprised.
Overall, a good Batman animated movie, worth at least a rental.
Weak start, solid middle, fantastic finish.
That's my impression of this film, anyway.
I liked Simon Pegg in the two films I've seen him in--- Hot Fuzz, and Shaun of the Dead.
His role here, though, took a completely different turn.
Shows his range as an actor, but nonetheless I really disliked th character as he was portrayed at the beginning.There's a kind of humour I call "frustration comedy."
Its supposed "jokes" and wit are really nothing more than painful and awkward moments.
Much like the Bean character Rowan Atkinmson plays.
There are a number of other comedic actors who portray similar characters too.
I don't mean to bash them here, so will not.But do be warned that if you are like me, and you dislike smarmy and maddeningly bungling idiots, Pegg shows just such characteristics for the first third of this film.
It DOES get better, however.I read somewhere that this is based on a true story.
Hmmm.
Maybe.
The film's story stopped being annoying, and became kind of a triumph of the "little guy" in the final third.
I don't need all films to be sugar and light--- but coincidentally, as this film got better, it also started to be more and more of a happy ending.It was also a pleasure to see an old favourite, Jeff Bridges, play a role so masterfully.
I liked "Iron Man," but was saddened by the fact that Bridges' character was a villain.
Purely personal taste, of course, as his acting in that was superb.
Nonetheless, he was a marvel here as the Bigger Than Life man of vision, the publisher of Sharps.
It was nice to see him in a role that I could actually enjoy.Overall then, I liked it!
I just wish I had come in 40 minutes late, and missed the beginning.
Richard Willaims is an animation god.
He was hampered in directing this film by the producer.
The final product is a very uneven film with a very convoluted story, but some amazing moments of animation (like Emery Hawkins' "Greedy").
Joe Raposo's repetitive music doesn't help either.
It was made in wide screen so the VHS doesn't show it in all it's glory, let's hope for a letterboxed DVD someday.
Still it's worth watching for some eye popping animation.
This is a great movie!
Most of us have seen Jurassic Park, where the Chaos Theory is summarized by telling about a butterfly's wings, causing a tornado on the other side of the planet.
Well, Bug is all about that (or at least something, don't worry this is no spoiler) I'm definitely not a religious type and don't believe in pre-destined stuff, fate, etc, but this movie surely makes you wonder if coincidence really exists...further more, the acting and camera are excellent too, another prove that it's still possible to make a good movie without a zillion bucks
This movie seems on the surface to be a run of mill kids movie that parents can regretfully watch with their mostly entertained little kids.
The movie seems and is mostly geared towards children yet it does not stop on this level.
I watched this movie first as a young child and found it to be funny, entertaining,and heartwarming and did not see it again for several years.
I watched it again recently at age 18 and found it to be almost as funny but just as heartwarming and entertaining.
This movie is highly underrated and contains many messages of real life.
This movie is an inspirational quest story that is made for kids yet epic in its own right.
I recommend this movie to anyone of any age.
An excellent documentry.
I personally remember this growing up in NYC in the early 80's.
This movie is for anyone that wasn't around during that time period.This shows the one thing the African American Gay Underclass felt was solely theirs and the love and camadrie you see is real.
The people are real and sadly few are still alive as this is being written.
The balls are still held but not to the extent that they were in the the nineteen eighties.
That time is gone forever.
This is a good pre "homo thug" movie.
When Queens were really proud to be extroverts.
Goodbye to Storyville this is another era gone but greatly documented all hail film!
POSSIBLE SPOILER - In some way "How to Alienate Friends...." is the "loser learns to adjust, becomes successful and finds out that something else matter more" type of story, situated in the celebrity business.
- END OF SPOILER I don't know the original book but this comedy delivers several good moments.
Though I do think the ending is flawed.
It felt too fast and too abrupt, as if something was missing.
Besides I'd say the movie isn't able to keep a high level.
Apart from this you'll find a sweet selection of actors and actresses with sometimes controversial acting qualities.
Until now I've never seen Pegg any different.
Still he is a very unique type though on the screen he sometimes might seem a little more tedious than necessary.
Fox proved she is capable to play a hot starlet with her head in the clouds.
Don't know whether it was a hard thing to do, but her performance was hot and way better than during "Transformers" (okay... probably that's no tough match).
Kirsten Dunst is very much Kirsten Dunst (again) and you may like it (as I do) or find it annoying.
On the other hand you'll see Anderson who proved her acting skills and Jeff Bridges (who is fine but perhaps he could have acted a little more powerful).
They all fit their character well enough.Conclusion: I think it's a nice celeb comedy with some more and some less funny passages, a sweet cast but an all too sudden ending.
Simon Pegg plays the part of Sidney Young, a young entertainment writer who has begun the beginnings of a career writing for a grassroots magazine that specializes in badmouthing the shallowness and superficiality of the rich and famous.
He is making a career out of lampooning celebrities, although he has a desperate wish to be a celebrity himself.
The movie is based on the very bizarre career of Toby Young, who also ran a small magazine in Britain called the Modern Review, which offered scathing criticism of pretty much everything imaginable, until he closed the magazine in a hail of verbal bullets with his co-editor, and then went on to a spectacularly failed career as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is pretty much the part of his life told in this movie.
He is at first thrilled to go work for a major publication (called Sharp's Magazine in the movie), and despite active nerves he is positively beaming on his first day.
He meets the chief editor, Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is hard as nails but who is also exactly the kind of editor he needs to be for a goof-off like Young to keep his job at the magazine.
He offers little in the form of immediate acceptance of Young, but he also has what can only be described as a liberal tolerance of Young's off-the-wall antics and inappropriate behavior.
Much of the comedy in the movie is derived from Young's misunderstanding of or indifference to the generally accepted code of public behavior and the peculiar etiquette involved in dealing with the rich and famous.
But Sidney's reasons for acting in such a weird way and for giving outwardly offensive interviews is because he believes that he loathes the entire celebrity culture and, it would seem, he believes in that age-old saying  'If you can't beat 'em, join 'emand THEN beat 'em.
"Complicating matters are two very different women.
There is a charming, regular girl at the magazine named Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst) who at first is appalled by Sidney's obvious arrogance and womanizing ways, and a stunning model named Sophie (Megan Fox), who represents the celebrity culture.
Needless to say, Sidney's endless attack of superficiality and stardom is a superficial lust for Sophie, the one with the look of a star.Sophie is stunningly beautiful, it's true, but also comes across as having not a single thought rattling around in her head.
Alison is a regular girl, not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her a real person.
A relationship with her would have all the reality of a Britney Spears marriage, and yet the movie retains some level of believability because, despite how obvious this is, we also feel Sidney's pain in not pursuing her (I felt it, anyway).How To Lose Friends and Alienate People has a pretty interesting premise and is full of honest, satisfactory performances, and although it turns into a bit of your standard romantic comedy by the third act, it has a variety of well-developed and interesting characters.
Danny Huston, for example, gives us a great performance as Alison's other love interest, who pays homage to The Big Lebowski (also starring Bridges) with his ever-present White Russian, one of my personal favorite drinks.
Buying Absolute and Kahlua here in China costs the equivalent of about $350, but my kitchen is never without them.
I am looking forward to the day when Simon Pegg will branch out a little bit, because I love his films but I am completely unsure about his range.
He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but only serious in relation to the lunacy surrounding him, and ultimately went back to being himself again, which he has pretty much been in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and now How To Lose Friends.
He's a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else he can do.
I liked this film very much.
The story jumps back and forth quite a bit and is not easy to follow.
There is no resolution to the story whatsoever, and you are left to wonder what really happened.
Since I like that sort of film I enjoyed this.
I especially like the "dating" scenes between the boys and I was drawn into their lives.
And of course any film with a naked Staphane Rideau will get a couple of extra points.
;-)
It's a tale that could have taken place anywhere really, given the right circumstances.
Street entertainer catching the attention of famous opera star and friendship ensuing.
The aging entertainer finds/buys a male child to pass his art to.
From there, we follow them through the rigors of their challenging, but free life along the river.
Traveling town to town, he performs and has some degree of notoriety.
Despite the times and the influences, the man is kind and good.Overall, the performances are first rate, especially Xu Zhu, who portrays the street performer.
The child (Renying Zhou) is beautiful, and downright strong, and withstands the overt prejudices well.
The two protagonists, along with supporting help from the kind opera singer, Master Liang (an interestingly androgynous Zhao Zhigang), paint a very interesting tale of forgiveness, sadness and love.
Some have mentioned this film's remote similarities to BA WANG BIE JI (FAREWELL MY CONCUBINE); yet this film can't stand easily on its own, any resemblance is remote at best.My only qualm with the KING OF MASKS, is the ending.
It was weak, cliche and about as subtle as a sledgehammer.
The audience was already wrapped up in the story, what was the needless manipulation for?
What a shame.
To bring a fine motion picture that far, only to surrender to emotional (and corny) pathos like that.
It frankly made this film good, instead of the classic, it should've been.
That aside, the KING OF MASKS is still very well worth your time.
I was happy to see the Shaw Brothers are still producing good films.
Highly recommended.
This is a beautiful, rich, and very well-executed film with a rich and meaningful story.
Basically, it tells how an old master story teller needs to find a (male) heir to carry on his craft, but ends up not getting what he expected in his very male-dominated world.
The characters must then deal with their situation and the old master must grapple with the conflict between his desire for a companion and heir and his and society's traditional notions.The story is fun, emotional, and complex.
The exploration of the characters, their lives, and emotions, is rich and compelling the character development is strong while the characters are complex and not one dimensional at all.
The film expertly conveys the old man's emotions and his desire to find an heir, and compellingly shows how he and the kid handle the situation.
There is also humour, sometimes quite subtle, at appropriate points.
The film also examines the good and bad of traditional Chinese culture, creating further interest and depth to the film.The directing, acting, and scenery are all outstanding.
Added to the other strengths, this creates rich and convincing visual images and compelling, real characters.
As a result, the film evokes strong empathy for, and feelings about, the characters.Some have claimed that the ending weakens the film, but I do not necessarily agree.
Perhaps it could have been stronger with a different ending, but any improvement in the overall film would have been rather small.
As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley being in this flick, I said "I have to watch this movie".
She's the undisputed main character, Domino, a bounty hunter.
Her "job", as the "no action" scenes would teach us, reflects her rebel, violent attitude to life.
I have to admit that it's the very first time that I watch an action movie whose most important scenes are the one in which the guns are far away from characters' hands.
So, this stomped me a bit.
Anyway, for all the John Woo's fans, there are helicopters falling down, explosions, gunfire as if it would rain, and a lovely Keira that shoots with two machine guns, one per hand.
The cast is absolutely brilliant.
Going beyond Keira, which in this movie is a real tomboy, pretty much different from the lovely action figure we're used to see, Mickey Rourke is back, with his usual slap-throwing face and his potent body.
Christopher Walken makes his job pretty well, as a reality show producer.Let's go to the contents: this movie has a journalistic shape.
The talk show scene is "disgustingly" real.
Anyone that watched that load of .
.
.
you-know-what, can tell that this is the air that you breath in those situations.
As well as the producer, when Domino's mom says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "trash; no offense", he answers "I don't take it like an offense".
This movie portrays a difficult life.
Domino, coming from a world that didn't want her, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter "not so bounty", Choco (the third guy of the band), which family is (using Ed's words), "the correctional institutes he's been", and Alf, the driver/bomber coming from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation.
This bunch of people represents in some way the humankind born "without the shirt"; unlucky, violent, and with nothing to lose, excepts their (as they would consider) miserable lives.
The intro of the movie says that it is "inspired by true story .
.
.
more or less", so I couldn't possibly tell you how much of this stuff is true.
Anyway, going beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the film easier to see, and be classified as an action movie), the characters' story is too realistic to be "edulcorated".
The interaction between the characters is various, well studied, and definitely not boring.
What hasn't convinced me so much is the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober as never in her acting career).
It represents only the reason by which Domino starts telling her story (and that's a story).
Probably, the only "con", in a movie with a lot of "pros".
All in all: This isn't "SWAT".
The characters are crafted; they have an identity, a shape.
They have a name and a surname (not just "Gamble" and "Street").
It's the case to say, it's the biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a bullet.
Rosalind Russell executes a power-house performance as Rosie Lord, a very wealthy woman with greedy heirs.
With an Auntie Mame-type character, this actress can never go wrong.
Her very-real terror at being in an insane assylum is a wonderful piece of acting.
Everyone should watch this.
Currently on METOO's new schedule at 4 pm on weekdays, right after "Maverick" and right before "Wild, Wild West" (followed by "Star Trek").Don't know if I ever actually saw an episode of it when it was originally on, but I'm really captivated by it.
Offbeat, unusual, surreal stories set in a mythical West.
Kind of the "Naked City" of Westerns.And the guest stars are there: Dan Duryea, Lyle Bettger, Brian Donlevy, MacDonald Carey, Rick Jason (as a treacherous Mexican), a young Dick Van Patten, Jack Lord, Noah Berry, Jr. (as a colorful Mexican), Martha Hyer, Marguerite Chapman, even Ann Robinson ("War of the Worlds"), Gloria Talbott ("I Married a Monster from Outer Space")It ran for EIGHT SEASONS, over 200 episodes, from January, 1959, to December, 1965.Eric Fleming is quite remarkable as trail boss Gil Favor, the most stolid man that's ever lived, with the code of honor of a Samurai, and just the right balance between toughness and open-handedness.
I would vote for him for President any day.
(P.S.
He had a very interesting biography: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0281661/ )And a young Clint Eastwood is quite striking as his impulsive right hand, "Rowdy" Yates.
Also, veteran Western actor and country music figure (the immortal "One-eyed, One-horned, Flying Purple People Eater") Sheb Wooley is there as seasoned scout Pete Nolan.
And Paul Brinegar makes the most cantankerous character of a cook you could ask for as "Wishbone".And then there's that great theme song, performed by the immortal Frankie Laine.
(Between that and the "Maverick" theme, I've got Western theme songs running through my head all day.
)I look forward to every episode; I'm collecting the whole set.
A good time (not to mention a moo-ving experience) is always guaranteed, as one waits to see if the boys will get their difficulties straightened out before the commercial.
"Rollin', rollin', rollin' .
.
. "
Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was "just OK", I didn't have much expectations when renting this film.But contrary to the above, I enjoyed it a lot.
This is a charming movie.
It didn't need to grow on me, I enjoyed it from the beginning.
Mel Brooks gives a great performance as the lead character, I think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies.There's not a lot of knockout jokes or something like that, but there are some rather hilarious scenes, and overall this is a very enjoyable and very easy to watch film.Very recommended.
This is a great movie from the lost age of reactionary made-for-television drama.
My all-time favourite actor, Robert Culp skillfully plots a trajectory through uptight liberal fairmindedness and faith in the system, kneejerk conservativism and fear of crime, and homicidal psychosis.
The teens are a collection of pure sneering evil stereotypes, and the eventual message of this film makes episodes of Dragnet look evenhanded by comparison.
But what really shines in this is the great pace of the movie, building the fear and paranoia by degrees, as well as the feel of the whole California setting.
The cars are really great as well, as I recall.
I give this film a 10, and I defy anyone to watch this film and not enjoy every minute.
Remember, just because it's made-for-television doesn't mean it isn't great art.
Wang Bianlian is an old street performer who is known as a 'King of masks' for his mastery of Sichuan change art.
Liang is a famous opera performer of Sichuan art and respects Wang as an artist and as a person.
Liang is worried that a precious art shouldn't die with Wang and so he sows the seed of an heir in to Wang's mind.
The film is about prejudices, male domination, state of art, values and most importantly warmth.I can't recommend this film enough.
The whole film is in loops.
Everything has a significance.
Its a long story which has been edited so well that the length of the film is just 91 minutes.
A total satisfaction.
For five minutes it is an artistic film, next five minutes its a sad film, next five minutes its a thriller.
It just keeps changing its mood like its protagonist changes his face.
Last scene on the rope is phenomenal.
Story and script is flawless.
Actors are brilliant.
Both the protagonists are artists you can tell the way they have performed.
Very impressive.
It was not even nominated for Oscars.
That year 'English patient' got the best film Oscar and in the foreign film category 'Kolya' won.
'Kolya' was just OK and about 'English patient' the lesser said the better.
Watch it 9/10.
No day passes without a new released computer animated movie, so we now really have chances to see more than some nice effects.
After watching Ice Age I felt that's it was not that big impact on me than some other films of this genre.But it's because I am a Big Guy now, and I am pretty sure that this is a very enjoyable movie for children (maybe up to 14).
The story is quite simple, and the "actors" are funny in a cute way, without any crude or complex humour.
Even the "evil" is lovely, fluffy big cat with those funny teeth.
And the story has a happy end, which was a small disappointment for me (knowing that most of the main characters are doomed to extinction in a sad way) but a great thing for children.
And apart from some fights nobody dies (not even when he gets stomped on by a mammoth, several times), which made a cartoony feeling.The computer animation part is nice but nothing special, apart from some really nice cartoony feeling scenes, when you feel like walking in a nice painting or pages of a comics.
There were some gags which made me smile - I accept, the creators tried to satisfy those grownups - but they are hard to spot and (in my opinion) better left unnoticed, since it does not feel to fit into the story.Overall it's a nice movie, but it's rather in the ideal-world-and-fluffy-animals-for-children disney cliche.
If you don't hate cute animals making funny things, watch it at least once.
This spectacular film is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen.
It shows a China I had never seen or imagined, and I believe it shows 1930's China in the most REAL light ever seen in a movie.
It is absolutely heart-breaking in so many situations, seeing how hard life was for the characters, and yet the story and the ending are incredibly joyful.
You truly see the depths and heigths of human existence in this film.
The actors are all perfect, such that you feel like you have really entered a different world.
I simply can not recommend this movie highly enough.
It may just change you forever once you have seen it.
Sure, it was cheesy and nonsensical and at times corny, but at least the filmmakers didn't try.
While most TV movies border on the brink of mediocrity, this film actually has some redeeming qualities to it.
The cinematography was pretty good for a TV film, and Viggo Mortensen displays shades of Aragorn in a film about a man who played by his own rules.
Most of the flashback sequences were kind of cheesy, but the scene with the mountain lion was intense.
I was kind of annoyed by Jason Priestly's role in the film as a rebellious shock-jock, but then again, it's a TV MOVIE!
Despite all of the good things, the soundtrack was atrocious.
However, it was nice to see Tucson, Arizona prominently featured in the film.
In the rapid economic development of 1990's in China, there is a resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth, and more importantly, due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post Cultural-Revolutionary era.However, the resurgence of Chinese traditional culture, namely, the Confucianism, was not without disasters, because Chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part, and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an excellent example.Moreover, not only the part that should be discarded were inherited, the good part that was supposed to be inherited, such as the traditional opera, and its technique, such as changing face, was ignored in the resurgence, and facing extinction.The director used this film to criticize the problem of re-embracing tradition by contemporary China and this is the deeper meaning behind the movie.
This isn't the comedic Robin Williams, nor is it the quirky/insane Robin Williams of recent thriller fame.
This is a hybrid of the classic drama without over-dramatization, mixed with Robin's new love of the thriller.
But this isn't a thriller, per se.
This is more a mystery/suspense vehicle through which Williams attempts to locate a sick boy and his keeper.Also starring Sandra Oh and Rory Culkin, this Suspense Drama plays pretty much like a news report, until William's character gets close to achieving his goal.I must say that I was highly entertained, though this movie fails to teach, guide, inspect, or amuse.
It felt more like I was watching a guy (Williams), as he was actually performing the actions, from a third person perspective.
In other words, it felt real, and I was able to subscribe to the premise of the story.All in all, it's worth a watch, though it's definitely not Friday/Saturday night fare.It rates a 7.7/10 from...the Fiend :.
Mesmerizing, breathtaking and horrifying, this hauntingly beautiful film is the "Apocalypse Now" without fiction.
Slow in pace, quiet in mood, it gives good glimpses of the poisoned patches of Earth that may well be signs of an inevitable doom.There is no doubt in my mind -- the nature is plagued and we are the disease.
Greed, the very essence of humanity that drives evolution and progress, has turned us into something like cancer, on its way to consume the host and die with it...Manufactured Landscapes is quite an unforgettable viewing experience - at least I'll never regard my toaster and iron the same way again.
Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept. 9, 2006 at the Isabel Bader Theatre during the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF).This had an interesting premise but seemed to go on too long with too many shots of piles of eWaste (recycled computers, keyboards, cables etc.
shipped over to China by the ton and then sorted and remade into new products to sell back) and other desolation.The filmmakers tried to get more people interviews to boost the human element but were frequently prevented from doing so due to Chinese censorship.
Still, what was there was interesting.
The bits of a Shanghai high end real estate agent preening and strutting around showing off her luxurious mansion and gardens, intercut with the scenes of others living in medieval conditions were especially striking.
The opening tracking shot of a 480m factory floor was quite something as well.
Scenes of the activity at the Three Gorges Dam project were also a complement to the Jia Khang-je films at TIFF (the feature Still Life/Sanxia Haoren & the documentary Dong) which were also built around that subject.Director Jennifer Baichwal, Producer Nick de Pencier, Cinematographer Peter Mettler and subject Edward Burtynsky were all there on stage for a Q&A after the world premiere.
Producer Noah Weinzweig was introduced from the audience and was thanked as the most key person that assisted in the on the ground access in China itself.
Like one of the previous commenters said, this had the foundations of a great movie but something happened on the way to delivery.
Such a waste because Collette's performance was eerie and Williams was believable.
I just kept waiting for it to get better.
I don't think it was bad editing or needed another director, it could have just been the film.
It came across as a Canadian movie, something like the first few seasons of X-Files.
Not cheap, just hokey.
Also, it needed a little more suspense.
Something that makes you jump off your seat.
The movie reached that moment then faded away; kind of like a false climax.
I can see how being too suspenseful would have taken away from the "reality" of the story but I thought that part was reached when Gabriel was in the hospital looking for the boy.
This movie needs to have a Director's cut that tries to fix these problems.
Back in 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton bans cloning research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets.
This was also the big year in the release of Titanic, one of the biggest films of all time: a tale about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster.
I don't think anybody could have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them being teenage girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course saw the movie multiple times.
It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful.
At the time I felt that Titanic could do no wrong, of course I grew up and didn't watch the film since I was 14, a couple years ago I saw the film on DVD for 5.99 and figured that it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie now.
Was it worth the hype?
Was it really the best movie of all time?
Was that Leonardo's real nose?
OK, I know that's silly to say, but I did re-watch the film.
Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, best movie of all time, no, just depends on your idea of a good movie, but Titanic delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and never let us go on this maiden voyage.The film starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, searching for a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean.
Unsuccessful, they instead discover a drawing of a young woman reclining nude, wearing the Heart of the Ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank.
101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns of the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him she is the woman in the drawing.
She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on his salvage ship.
When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater.
In 1912, the upper-class 17-year-old Rose boards the ship with her fiancé, Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, both of whom stress the importance of Rose's engagement to Cal since the marriage will mean the eradication of the Dewitt-Bukater debts: while they have the outward appearance of the upper-class, Rose and her mother are financially broke.
Distraught and frustrated by her engagement to the controlling Cal and the pressure her mother is putting on her to go through with the marriage, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern.
Before she leaps, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes.
Jack and Rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching; their bond deepens when they leave a stuffy first-class formal dinner of the rapport-building wealthy for a much livelier gathering of Irish dance, music and beer in third-class.
But after Cal's servant informs him of Rose's whereabouts', Rose is forbidden from seeing Jack again.
However, after witnessing a woman encouraging her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a "proper lady" at tea, Rose defies him and her mother, asking Jack to sketch her nude and wearing only the Heart of the Ocean, an engagement present from Cal.
After a beautiful moment together in the very first backseat fun time, they go to the deck of the ship.They then witness the ship's fatal collision with an iceberg.
After overhearing the ship's lookouts discussing how serious the collision is, Rose tells Jack they should warn her mother and Cal.
Meanwhile, Cal discovers Rose's nude drawing and her taunting note in his safe, so he frames Jack for stealing the Heart of the Ocean by having Lovejoy plant it in Jack's pocket.
Upon learning Cal intends to leave Jack to die below deck, Rose runs away from him and her mother to rescue him.
Jack and Rose return to the top deck.
Cal and Jack, though enemies, both want Rose safe, so they persuade her to board a lifeboat.
But after realizing that she cannot leave Jack, Rose jumps back on the ship and reunites with Jack in the ship's first class staircase.
Jack and Rose return to the top deck, the lifeboats have gone, and the ship finally goes down into the freezing Atlantic taking Jack and Rose down.So does Titanic live up to it's hype?
I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think that there were and still are quite a few haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it had won a ton of awards and everyone was in love with the movie.
But it has great acting, amazing effects, a well-written story and still looks flawless.
Love it or hate it, you have to admit this movie didn't get a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry on sight, this film is something special.
It will always hold a special place in my heart, it has too seeing that I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it was released.
But all that aside, I do recommend this movie, it's a great one and sure to go down in the classics one day.10/10
Dream Quest was a surprisingly good movie.
There were some noticeable goofs, but that can be expected in a movie like this that was made in such a short time.
I did not feel any urge to fast forward during the movie and I found it pretty entertaining.
It gets kind of silly at times, but overall I recommend it.
They probably used up all the glitter in the nearby stores, and some of the costume designs were pretty good.
Elephant Walk (1954) Starring an early Peter Finch as lord of the manor in some God-forsaken plantation where there is always the danger of elephants or mad Englishmen, staying out in the midday sun and going berserk.
Well eventually they do, after the typhoid or cholera outbreak, of course, and much mayhem ensues.
Taylor replaced an ailing Vivien Leigh in this pot boiler/adventure flick.
When the elephants storm the house and trap Liz on the grand staircase I still get goose bumps.
Thank goodness Dana Andrews is around to save the day.
One of my favorite guilty pleasures.
In color too!
I saw the movie with two grown children.
Although it was not as clever as Shrek, I thought it was rather good.
In a movie theatre surrounded by children who were on spring break, there was not a sound so I know the children all liked it.
There parents also seemed engaged.
The death and apparent death of characters brought about the appropriate gasps and comments.
Hopefully people realize this movie was made for kids.
As such, it was successful although I liked it too.
Personally I liked the Scrat!
!
I watched 'Ice Age'in the movie theater and I liked the movie.
Spite of the fact that 'Ice Age'has many flaws and scientific errors,like humans,sabers,dinosaurs and mammoths living at the same period, and even the location of where the story passes(looks North America,but has some characteristics from Iceland for example) we can have fun even so.
(unless you are very severe!)
The planet is entering an ICE AGE, and many animals are immigrating to the south where is warmer.
Sid is a stupid Sloth that is left behind by his own family, that can't stand him any longer.Walking in his way, he meets Manfred,or how he calls '' Manny'' a moody mammoth who does not care about extinction or immigration and is going to the north.
Worried that he can easily be captured, Sid decides to follow Manfred, and in the middle of their journey, they found a human mother with her baby.
The mother dies but Manfred and Sid decides to take him and return the baby for the humans.
Diego, one of the sabers, decides to follow and help them to go to a shortcut to the human's camp.
What Manfred and Sid does not know, is that Diego is from a saber clan who hates humans and wants to kill the baby, and also pretend to betray they both to make they become saber's food.
What will happen, will depend of Diego's behavior and conscience...aka "A Era do Gelo" - Brazil
Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is definite cop film of Indian cinema.
May be the first one which portrayed the stark reality of corruption in the police force & politics with no holds barred & how it effects on a young cop.
A man forced to join a career of a cop by his cop father.
Agreed that we grew up watching lot of good cop/bad cop Hindi films but this is different.
Today's generation, which grown up watching dark & realistic films like- 'Satya', 'Company' may be consider it inferior product in comparison but look at the time of its making.
The film was made absolutely off beat tone in the time when people didn't pay much attention to such kind of cinema & yet it becomes a most sought after cop film in class & mass audience when it released.
For Om Puri its first breakthrough in mainstream Hindi cinema & he delivered a class performance as Inspector Velankar.
Its more than cop character, he internalized a lot which is something original in acting.
Watch his scenes with his father whom he hates & Smita whom he loves.
Smita Patil maintained the dignity of her character to the expected level.
My God what a natural expressions she carried!!!
Shafi Inamdar was truly a discovery for me & he's a brilliant character actor if given a chance & here in some of the scenes he outsmarted even Om.
The movie is also a debut of a promising villain on Indian screen- Sadashiv Amrapurkar as 'Rama Shetty'.
It's another story that he didn't get such a meaty role & almost forgotten today as one of the loud villain of Dharmendra's B grade action films.
Watch the scene where Om 1st time becomes a rebel for his father (played by Amrish Puri) & next both are sharing wine together.
How inner truth started revealing for both the character with confronting feelings of love & hate for each other.
Two faces of Indian Police Force- Masculinity & Impotency and in between lies- half truth (ardh satya)Kudos to Nihalani's touch.
The film won 2 National Awards as Best Hindi Feature Film & Best Actor- Om Puri & 3 Filmfare Awards in Best Film, Best Director & Best Supporting Actor Categories.
Recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious Hindi films.Ratings- 8/10
I avoided watching this film for the longest time.
Long before it was even released I had dismissed it as an over-hyped, over-blown, overly romanticized piece of Hollywood schmaltz, and I wanted nothing to do with it.
I never watched it in the theatre.
I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - even though I had never seen it.
Then I was asked to be a judge at a high school public speaking contest.
One of the girls spoke about this movie.
"It was so great," she said.
"You really felt like you were on the ship."
"Nonsense," I thought.
I shared my feelings with my fellow judges.
One looked at me and said, "you might be right, but if she liked the movie that much maybe she'll want to learn more about the real Titanic.
The movie must have done something right to get her so interested."
"Well, maybe," thought I.
Then it finally appeared on Pay TV.
"OK," I thought, "I'll give it a look see."
I didn't want to like it - and I didn't.
I loved it!
What a great movie.Where to start?
First - the directing.
My high school public speaking contestant was right.
James Cameron does a superb job of creating an almost "you are there" type of atmosphere.
The gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world.
The nonchalance as news of the iceberg first spreads; then the rising sense of panic.
You don't just watch it; you really do feel it.
Then - the performances.
The lead performances from Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent - Winslet's being the superior, I thought, but both were good.
They had their rich girl/poor boy characters down to a perfect "t" I thought.
In my opinion, though, stealing the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother.
She was perfect as the snobby aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and loathing she felt every time she looked at Jack.
Then - the details.
I'm no expert on the sinking of the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a super job of recreating the historical details accurately and then weaving them seamlessly around the fictional romance.
Very impressive, indeed.
Then - the song.
Who can watch this movie and not be taken with Celine Dion's performance of "My Heart Goes On."Problems.
Well, the romance was perhaps too contrived, in the sense that I just don't accept that Jack could have moved so effortlessly from steerage to first class.
(I know he was invited the first time; but he seems to keep getting into first class without being stopped until he's been there for a while.)
The realities of the separation of the social classes were much more realistically portrayed, I thought, when the steerage passengers were going to be left locked down there after the ship hit the iceberg while the first class folks got to enjoy half empty lifeboats.
A minor quibble, though.
This is truly an excellent movie.
My only regret is not seeing it in the theatre, where I think it would have been so much more impressive.9/10
One of the most heart-warming foreign films I've ever seen.The young girl is an amazing talent.
Stellar performances by her (Doggie), the old man (the king of masks), and Liang (the Living Boddhisatva).
(SPOILER) The deplorable treatment of children, especially females is disturbing.Loved the music.
The original Chinese dialog heightens the emotional intensity of the performances and the story.This is a MUST SEE -- enjoyable family film, although not for very young children.
Would have rated the DVD release even higher if the soundtrack had been transferred better onto the DVD and the transfer had included the widescreen version.
This Night Listener is better than people are generally saying.
It has weaknesses, and it seems to be having a genre identity crisis, no doubt, but I think its creepy atmosphere and intriguing performances make up for this.
The whole thing feels like one of those fireside "this happened to a friend of a friend of mine" ghost stories.
One big complaint about the movie is the pacing: but the slow and sometimes awkward pacing is deliberate.
Everything that unfolds in this movie is kept well within the realm of possibility, and real life just sort of plods alongno?
So there are no flashy endings or earth-shattering revelations, no "showdown" scenes.
Thank Heaven.
You have to get into the zone when watching this movie, forget your reservations and your expectations of what makes a (conventionally)good movie.
Williams isn't terrific, but he easily meets the needs of the story, plus his character is supposed to be somewhat generic ("No One") as he is the Everyman, the avatar by which we ourselves enter the story.
Toni Collette's performance should be nominated for an Oscar (even if she maybe shouldn't win it).
Give it a shot.
For quality and content alone, The Night Listener is surely in the top twenty percent of movies coming out these days.
"The big goodbye" introduces us to the first holodeck adventure, in this case Captain Picard posing as private investigator Dixon Hill.
This episodes creates some sort of standard pattern, repeated several times on TNG as well as DS 9 and Voyager.
After entering the holodeck something goes wrong and the characters have to deal with the program under different circumstances beyond playing a game (represented by the failure of the holodeck's safety program).
This concept is used to expand Star Trek's possibility and enabling a kind of genre-mix.
Picard's Dixon Hill stories are examples of 1940s crime fiction and their representation on the screen are referred to as Film Noir often having the stereotype antihero in the lead (see for example Chandler's Marlowe stories or Polanski's all time classic "Chinatown").
Star Trek never focuses on the story (mostly it's a simple "how-do-we-get-out-of-here" scenario) but enables the actors to take a different approach to their characters.
Those Holodeck "games" are commonly used for recreation and reflect the private interests of the crew members.
Therefore the technical aspect is always neglected and from that point of view the stories are never sound (but did Star Trek ever had a technical, scientific point to it, I mean besides some utopic concepts?).
"The big goodbye" shows a relaxed Patrick Stewart, a McFadden that hardly ever looked better in a Star Trek episode (at least the early ones) and Data has some great scenes, too (although I find it hard to believe that pulling the lamp's plug out of the wall would have really surprised him, for the fact that he'd done research on that period and its customs).
Wesley continues turning peaceful Trekkies into potential murderers (why didn't they take him to the holodeck and let the gangsters finish him off?)
but all in all this one's fun...
Randolph Scott is heading into Albuquerque to take a job with his uncle.
However, on the way there, the stage is held up--even though they are not carrying a strongbox.
However, a nice lady on board is concealing $10,000 for her and her brother's business...and the robbers seem to know this.Once in town, Scott goes to this uncle about the job.
However, he soon learns that this uncle is a jerk--the typical bad guy from Westerns.
You know, the rich guy who only wants to become richer by cheating and stealing and threatening until he owns everything.
And, it just so happens that this jerk was behind the robbery.
Scott demands that the uncle returns the money and then Scott goes into business with the nice lady and her brother.Not surprisingly, this is NOT the end of the problems---just the beginning.
Again and again, intrigues of various types occur to try to crush the uncle's opposition.
One trick is to bring in a pretty lady to befriend Scott and his partners.
She's a crack shot and it looks bad for Scott--until he figures out why she's come to town.Unlike most later Randolph Scott films, this one shows Scott as a bit more headstrong man.
All too often in his films he's the last one to suggest violence, but in this film he's quick to suggest a lynching (screw the law, let's have a hangin') and later he's quick to threaten the uncle.
What a surprise to see him as such a hot-head--though in most other ways, he's the same old Scott you'd expect.As far as the film goes, there's nothing particularly unusual about it.
Gabby Hayes plays the usual character, Scott is a hero, the baddie cannot be reasoned with and ultimately is destroyed and Scott gets the girl.
Despite this very typical plot, it's all handled very well and as a result is well worth your time.By the way, there are two weird scenes in the film.
First, late in the movie, there is a fist fight between Scott and the uncle's #1 henchman, Lon Chaney, Jr..
In it, Chaney smokes as he fights--something I never saw before and I did admire how he could puff away as he got his butt kicked.
Second, get a load of that runaway cart scene with the whip--now THAT was one impossible feat!
As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did not read the book in high school, I thought I would add my comments.
Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film.
The characters have so many complexities, everyone can relate to them in their own way.
The brilliance of the adaptation is that everyone is allowed to project their own perceptions onto the lives of the characters, rather than being spoon-fed an opinion.
You can love them or dislike them, and still feel the emotional impact of the movie.
Wonderful performances by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really bring the characters to life.
I'd highly recommend it.
This is the kind of film you want to see with a glass of wine, the fire on, and with your feet up.
It doesn't require that much brain-power to follow, so is very good after a long day.
I would say it is very unrealistic - if you expecting anything serious, then don't bother, but it is very funny.
Just the thought that a businessman would go so far as to agree to live in a slum for a while, and then actually get to enjoy it...
I would definitely recommend it.
Zombi 3 has an interesting history in it's making.
Firstly, it is a sequel to Fulci's hit Zombi 2, with Zombi 2 itself being of course a marketing ploy to trick people into thinking it was a sequel to George A. Romero's Dawn of the Dead aka Zombi.
Confusing enough?
Basically, none of the films have anything to do with one another, but who cares when they make money.
I guess Fulci himself starting to not care about the production about half way through Zombi 3 when he decided to walk out.
Bruno Mattei was brought on board to help pad the film with additional scenes to lengthen the running time.Zombi 3's plot is your typical zombie fare.
Scientists develop a serum on an island in the Philippines, terrorists steal it unleashing a plague, and zombie run amok.
The scientists want to create an antidote, while the military is set on mowing down everyone without prejudice.
There are also brief inserts of a Radio DJ preaching about how we treat the planet.
Overall, I actually liked this film.
I heard horrible things, but I find the goofy dialogue quite enjoyable.
The film seems to be an attempt at raising awareness about pollution, corrupted military, Man playing God, etc.
I get the feeling this was at one point a serious film, but it veered off in a weird direction, presumably when Mattei came on board.Besides ripping off other zombie flicks, this was very reminiscent of Romero's The Crazies.
You hear the Radio DJ breaking the good news with, "When you see the men in white suits & gas masks, Run to them for Help."
This is of course played to the images of the men in white gunning down zombies.
Later, they straight up steal a scene from Crazies in which one of the regular, uncontaminated people is killed by mistake.The gore factor is pretty good in this one with zombie hordes around every corner.
How is it cool?
Let me count the ways1.
Zombie Birth 2.
Flying Zombie Head 3.
Zombie Birds.
4.
Zombie with no legs swimming in a pool.
My favorite zombie was the machete-wielding maniac at the gas station.
He was bad ass and nearly tore down the entire building trying to kill a girl.Favorite Quote  When a sergeant insists on cremating a zombie, the scientists asks, "Don't you think that once the ash is in the air, it will fall to the ground, and contaminate everything?"
To which the Sargeant boldly replies, "Now you're talking science fiction."
He also continues to mention the "Science Fiction" told by the scientists even at the end when everyone dies.Extras: Gallery, Trailers, and Interviews, most notably the one with Mattei where he insists he directed 40% of the scenes, yet cannot recall which ones or any other significant details.Bottom Line: A must see for zombie and Fulci fans.Rating: 7/10Molly Celaschi www.HorrorYearbook.com MySpace.com/HorrorYearbook
This is a great movie from the lost age of reactionary made-for-television drama.
My all-time favourite actor, Robert Culp skillfully plots a trajectory through uptight liberal fairmindedness and faith in the system, kneejerk conservativism and fear of crime, and homicidal psychosis.
The teens are a collection of pure sneering evil stereotypes, and the eventual message of this film makes episodes of Dragnet look evenhanded by comparison.
But what really shines in this is the great pace of the movie, building the fear and paranoia by degrees, as well as the feel of the whole California setting.
The cars are really great as well, as I recall.
I give this film a 10, and I defy anyone to watch this film and not enjoy every minute.
Remember, just because it's made-for-television doesn't mean it isn't great art.
I loved this movie since I was 7 and I saw it on the opening day.
It was so touching and beautiful.
I strongly recommend seeing for all.
It's a movie to watch with your family by far.My MPAA rating: PG-13 for thematic elements, prolonged scenes of disastor, nudity/sexuality and some language.
I saw this film in Winnipeg recently - appropriate, given the location used.
I first read Lawrence's book back in the 70's and for me, it's always been a very powerful picture of the trials of aging in our society.
It resonated when I was young, and it resonates even more now.
When the film came out, I was keen to see if the story could survive.
and was thoroughly impressed, especially with Ellen Burstyn's performance.
She manages to give us a complete human being, even though the character is generally cranky and judgmental - someone that you wouldn't want to live with.
It's great to be able to see favourite characters come to life so authentically.
Family problems abound in real life and that is what this movie is about.
Love can hold the members together through out the ordeals and trials and that is what this movie is about.
One man, Daddy, has the maturity and fortitude to sustain the family in the face of adversity.
The kids grow up,one all be it, in the hard way, to realize that no matter how old they or a parent is, the parent still loves their children and are willing to provide them a cushion when they fall.
ALL the actors portraying their characters did outstanding performances.
Yes, I shed a tear along the way knowing I had had similar experiences both as a young adult and later as a parent.
This true to life is one which every young adult, and parent, would do well to see, although some will not realize it until they too are parents.
A must see for those who care about their families.
"Erendira" is a film from Mexico that is rarely talked about.
The film only exists in a low quality VHS format.
It's a shame this film hasn't been given a DVD release.
"Erendira" is stunning and gorgeous with its magic-realist images.
"Erendira" is based on a short story from the novel "100 Years of Solitude".
Erendira is constantly daydreaming and accidentally burns down her grandma's house.
Her evil grandma, played by Irene Papas, forces her into prostitution to pay for the damages.
The whole town gets a piece of Erendira, so to speak.
Although the subject matter sounds harsh, the film doesn't exploit sexuality.
It's done in a mature artistic manner.
The film also has some amazing costumes.
Some of the more surreal aspects of the film that stand out the most, are the origami birds that morph into real birds, and a golden orange with a diamond in the center.
Erendira is an amazing film, that even manages to throw in humor.
This is definitely a film that deserves a special DVD release.
As they'd say in espanol, "Es muy muy bien !!!
Excellente!
Born Again the Limerick: If a man could come back from the dead And live in a little girl's head Revenge he would get For the murder he metBy the guy that's now in his wife's bed.For me Born Again is a highly under-rated, classic episode that makes up a part of what defined The X-Files for me before I started watching it.
I saw a few segments before when the show first came on and I was much too young to watch it such as parts of The Jersey Devil, but I very specifically remember watching this episode as an 11 year old and being absolutely creeped out by the scene where they guy gets choked to death by the bus and then the hypnosis scene with the little girl.
I tell you I couldn't sleep for weeks!
For this reason the episode has a special aura about it now of the creepiness factor that I have since grown to enjoy.
Its enough to let me look past some of the obvious flaws in the plot such as why the girl had to wait until she was 9 before her previous life spirit really began to exact his revenge.
Or what she was doing just randomly sitting on a bus in the middle of the night.
You'd think her parents would have been worried.
And maybe they were we just don't really see that part of the story.
And was was with the telekinesis?
Other than adding the really cool Carrie factor to the already creepy story, there really wasn't any kind of good explanation for it.
But even with its little flaws, in my mind this is a classic episode and has little to no reason for me to not like it.
10 out of 10.
Just get it.
The DVD is cheap and easy to come by, the length is now standard and you've gone long enough without it.
(When home video started, there were at LEAST three versions with parts missing..) Everything you've read is true.
There is no defending it, and no living without it.
The color is lush and wonderful to look at, and the production values are pretty good for a Saturday afternoon kiddie epic.
But no question..the whole Santa Vs. Satan angle is so jaw dropping STRANGE it made the movie a hit at the time and a cult fave once home video really got underway.
How good/bad/strange/ is it?
I only saw the TRAILER as a kid,and remembered IT for nearly 30 years..including Murray's over the top voice over..I told my older sister, and she called me a liar and could not believe it was POSSIBLE for ANYONE to make a movie where Santa vs.Satan.. Add to it stuff like Santa asking for the Virgin Mary's blessing before setting off on Christmas eve, kids wanting to capture him and make him their SLAVE..and an international kiddie sweat shop..and it probably comes close to a lot of nightmares kids had in the 60's.. Like others here, I watch the thing every holiday season now.
(My version of choice is The Mystery Science Theatre 3000 edition).
But any old way you choose it, the movie is a demented masterpiece and a total must (along with Brianiac, by the way..).It never fails to make me laugh.
Better, I think, then SANTA CLAUS CONQUERS THE MARTIANS.
Parts of it can still make you cringe or just creep you out.
(How many parents do YOU know go out for cocktails on Christmas Eve?
"If you get bored, just go downstairs and play the piano."
DANG..) Freaky, boring, disturbing, funny, childish, strange..hey, what more can you want?
First things first!
This isn't an action movie although there is a lot of action in it!
I think you can compare it to American sports movies!
Where a team of very bad players succeed in the unthinkable,winning a game or tournament beyond expectation!
In this case it isn't about football or baseball,but Taekwondo!
In the beginning these street thugs seem to be good for nothing!
But soon we will find out that they don't want to be thugs and actually achieve something in life!
It is nice to see them struggle and training!
I was surprised how funny this movie was!
From start till the end you will laugh your pants off!
The young korean actors are very convincing!
Go see this wonderful feel good movie!
I was surprised at just how much I enjoyed this most thoughtfully delivered drama, which owing to its rather unimpressive 6.6 rating, I nearly missed; as I rarely give the time of day to any movie rated below 7/10.
Having said that, I'm so glad I gave Stone Angel the viewing it so very much deserved.
And so should you, if you are one of the increasingly rare sensitive, soulful and thoughtful sorts of person left on this earth in living form.I must say that in many ways (though not all), viz.
its themes, execution, style, production etc., Stone Angel very much reminded me of the much praised "The Notebook".
I am so surprised that other commentators didn't pick up on the many similarities which repeatedly struck me throughout this movie, so I can only assume that those who've written comments have yet to see the Notebook.
They may not share any Alzheimer's theme, yet I can confidently say that if you very much enjoyed "The Notebook" you will certainly find much to engage your time most fruitfully with "The Stone Angel".
But even If you've not seen The Notebook, nor read the book on which this move is based, (which, incidentally, I haven't either) you should definitely find much to hold your attention firmly - as long as your favourite genres don't include fast paced action thrillers.
This is a movie for thinkers and those who like to reminisce about time's passing, how life changes as the years pass, and what might have happened in one's life as one gazes back through the years.This bizarrely underrated yet great movie really deserves a rating of approximately 8/10.
I can only blame its current lowish rating of 6.6/10 on the 11% of idiots who gave it 1/10.
After all it has attracted less than 300 votes at the time of my writing this comment.
Nonetheless, if those 11% who gave it the lowest ranking possible were really expecting car chases and explosions why didn't they look... for even a few seconds at the movie's premise and promotional lines?
Oh dear... Whatever the world is coming to, don't miss this most underrated gem of a movie - but only *if* you have a brain (i.e., your top ten doesn't include Transformers, Fight Club nor The Terminator).
Robert Standish's novel is about a triangular romantic situation on a Ceylonese tea plantation...
So the events of the Ceylon backgrounds and pictorial beauty are rewarding points to William Dieterle's film...The story is about a rich powerful planter (Peter Finch), who brings a charming and tender beauty (Elizabeth Taylor), into the jungle as his bride...
The plantation, of course, is endangered by some kind of wild life... For this reason Taylor  elegant as never in dazzling costumes  finds herself in a strange atmosphere...
The echo determination of a ghost, the bad temper of a husband obsessed by the memory of his autocratic father, a highly dangerous disease, and the fury of wild animals...In her confusion, boredom and annoyance Elizabeth Taylor looks to a friendly face, a pretentious foreman (Dana Andrews), who admires her beauty but tries to conquer her love...With echoes of "Jane Eyre," the mysterious Yorkshire mansion with a brooding master, and "Rebecca," the innocent young second wife hunted by the image of the glamorous first wife, "Elephant Walk" is a menace melodrama with a wide view of a huge tropical bungalow, exotic dances with rage excessively colorful, stampeding big bull elephants, amazing mansion set on fire, all in the company of an exquisite creature with an unquestioned beauty and talent...The movie gave Liz a change of scenery, and allowed her more creative energy and self-respect than most of her other willful debutante-rebels The wife here has a sharp tongue and a strong will, and so Taylor plays her movie star heroine with more spirit than she was given credit for
I remember this series so well.
It was excellent - such strong and compelling characters, stylish and sexy ... and so different to everything else on offer at the time - and now ...
I am sure that it inspired the also excellent Canadian drama "Traders".
Both season 1 and season 2 are available on DVD region 2 in the UK.
Its a treat to watch the series again.Season 1 is 13 episodes and season 2 seems to be 10 episodes.Unfortunately, it seems to have ended after 2 seasons.This series was a lot of fun.Sometimes you can get it on special at Amazon.co.uk
According to the book The Last of the Cowboy Heroes which is about Joel McCrea, Audie Murphy, and Randolph Scott, the author says that Albuquerque was the only film he personally did not review because he claimed it was lost.
Hadn't been seen in years.Good thing for western fans somebody was doing some spring cleaning at Paramount because a print was apparently found and now it's out on the open market.
Albuquerque is a pretty good western too with Scott involved in a family feud with Uncle George Cleveland.George Cleveland sends for his nephew Randolph Scott with the intention of making him part of his freighting business, headquartered in the fast growing settlement of Albuquerque.
Cleveland is more than just a business owner, he's the town boss which he runs from a wheelchair.
He even has the sheriff in his pocket.
Randolph Scott is not a cowboy hero for nothing.
That includes not backing relatives up when they're villains.
He goes to work for a rival outfit headed by brother and sister Russell Hayden and Catherine Craig.Cleveland is full of all kinds of tricks and he even sends for a western Mata Hari in the person of Barbara Britton to worm her way into the confidence of his rivals.
Barbara's great as the homespun vixen who develops her own agenda.Randolph Scott's original home studio was Paramount, it was where his first studio contract was with.
Albuquerque marked the last film he ever did for Paramount and they gave him a good one.Note also Lon Chaney, Jr., who is George Cleveland's chief henchman, a rather loathsome bully of a man and Gabby Hayes, who is just Gabby Hayes.Albuquerque must have been loved by Republicans across the nation in 1948 with its chief villain as a town boss who rules from a wheelchair.
A certain Democrat from a wheelchair had made hash of them for four straight presidential elections and he was gone.
They had high hopes of winning the White House that year too, but things went awry and they had to settle for an ersatz boss getting his comeuppance in Albuquerque.
I'm not sure why Cleveland was in a wheelchair since nothing was really made of it in the plot.
My guess is he was injured and played the part that way because he had to.Still Albuquerque must have had great appeal to the GOP market.
I was very moved by the story and because I am going through something similar with my own parents, I really connected.
It is so easy to forget that someone whose body is failing was once vibrant and passionate.
And then there's the mistakes they made and have to live with.
I loved Ellen Burstyn's performance and who is Christine Horne?
She's fantastic!
A real find.
There is probably the most erotic scene I've ever seen in a film, yet nothing was shown - it was just so beautifully done.
Overall the look and feel of the film was stunning, a real emotional journey.
Cole Hauser is very very good in this picture, he humanizes a man spiraling downwards.
I liked the way the filmmaker approached this woman's life, never sentimental, never too much - just enough to hook us in, but not enough to bog down.
I doubt much of this film is based on a true story.
At the beginning it says based on a true story, sort of.
I bet the only truth to it was there was an ex-model turned bounty hunter possibly named Domino.Anyways, it begins with Domino talking to Lucy Liu, who works for the FBI.
Domino is being interrogated about what she knows about a theft of 10 million dollars.
Through flashbacks, we see Domino as a child, then as a model, and how she became interested in being a bounty hunter.
She basically tells 2 other bounty hunters off, Ed and Choco.
They let her join the group.
She's tough, can use any kind of weapon, and will use her good looks if needed.They get involved with a scam that Clarmont, a bailsman, has going.
Along the way, the group starts a reality TV show, and that's where Ian Zering and Brian Austin Green become involved.
They are sort of like hosts and must have been really desperate to appear in this.I thought the story was entertaining and it had some laughs.
The editing didn't bother me.
There's also a lot of violence, mainly using guns, and blood.
It could have been a little shorter.FINAL VERDICT: Good enough to watch.
One of the great things about many of the superb Chinese movies you can find, if you are lucky, in the video stores, is they are very accurate retellings of actual, true stories.
Farewell, my Concubine, The Emperor and the Assassin and this movie are perfect examples.
The film makers take a true story and work hard to accurately create a movie without compromising the facts for dramatic or commercial convenience -- the hallmark of much Hollywood, and especially Disney films.In this story we follow the later years of an famous local street performer dubbed the King of Masks for his mastery of Sichuan Change Art.
Along an having lost his only son many years earlier, he searches to find a male heir to carry on his rare and dying art in a society that forbids females to have such work.
Master Wang is sold a son by a slave trader.
All is well as he joyfully prepares to pass down his art.
But the son eventually is found out to be a girl.
From there, the story get very interesting, with a good performance by Master Liang of the Sichuan Opera -- a regional operatic style related to Peking Opera.
Fans of Farewell My Concubine should look carefully at Master Liang's portrayal of a male playing the female role in Chinese Opera.
It may help them come to understand that the players of these female roles were probably not homosexuals or castrati, but people who have be so psychologically conditioned as to be totally unaware of their own sexuality.
I have lost count of how many reviews I've written on Slaughter High.
I've read a lot of bad ones and I will say right now this is a fantastic movie.
Simon Scuddamore made his fame in a short time for his well known suicide, and even though this was his only film, he is what made the movie so great.
At first I did not know anything about Simon until I read a review about his suicide.
Then I found out due to the current webpage at www.IMDb.com he was born in 1957, in Dayton, Ohio.
Simon may have played the most pathetic character known to man, but his real life self certainly had their strenghths and weaknesses.
He did a good acting job, who can disagree?
I always wondered how he felt showing himself naked in a movie.
Must have been pretty embarrassing to say the least.
I first saw this movie when I was 12 in the sixth grade.
I agree with some pointers like the girl would not take a bath after somebody was murdered, and that high schools do NOT have bath tubs!
I think Caroline Munro who was 36 at the time was the only other star that had any dignified acting talent, and unfortunately for Simon's death he made no future films.
The reason(s) for his suicide are a mystery, and hopefully will be discovered in the near future.
Doing the math on his webpage it tells you he was 29 years old when he made Slaughter High.
He looked like a teenager.
I give this film two thumbs up, the best horror film made.
Probably because of their horrible acting the others didn't make fame in the movie business.
-Jacob Young
A beautiful shopgirl in London is swept off her feet by a millionaire tea plantation owner and soon finds herself married and living with him at his villa in British Ceylon.
Although based upon the book by Robert Standish, this initial set-up is highly reminiscent of Hitchock's "Rebecca", with leading lady Elizabeth Taylor clashing with the imposing chief of staff at the mansion and (almost immediately) her own husband, who is still under the thumb of his deceased-but-dominant father.
Taylor, a last-minute substitute for an ailing Vivien Leigh, looks creamy-smooth in her high fashion wardrobe, and her performance is quite strong; however, once husband Peter Finch starts drinking heavily and barking orders at her, one might think her dedication to him rather masochistic (this feeling hampers the ending as well).
Still, the film offers a heady lot for soap buffs: romantic drama, a bit of travelogue, interpretive dance, an elephant stampede, and a perfectly-timed outbreak of cholera!
*** from ****
What's inexplicable?
Firstly, the hatred towards this movie.
It may not be the greatest movie of all time, but gimme a break, it got 11 oscars for a reason, it made EIGHTEEN HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS for a reason.
It's a damn good movie.
Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it.
I have no idea whatsoever why this movie left such an impression on me when I saw it in theaters.
I've rewatched it on TV and video, and it had none of the impact it had when I saw it on the big screen (twice, or maybe three times, actually).
But that might be it, the appeal of it.
It's a Movie, yes, capital M there, it's an Epic, it's a spectacle in the order of Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur.
Now, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem kinda hokey to me, with the hammy acting and excessive melodrama.
Not that Titanic has none of that.
Well, the acting was actually very good.
The melodrama was quite heavy-handed at times.But the reason Titanic works is that it's such an emotional ride.
I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind, or give me a visual thrill.
This movie isn't exactly dumb, but it's not cerebral at all.
The visual thrills are simply means to an end, to fuel the emotions of the audience.
I didn't cry when Bambi's mom died, I don't react to tearjerkers.
But this is a tearjerker to the power of ten million, an emotional rollercoaster that, if it were a regular one, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl.
And I'm sure that if you see it on video and have decided that you hate it, and have a ready supply of cynicism, then you can thoroughly dislike this movie.
But if you let that disbelief suspend just a bit, if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt, you'll enjoy it completely.
And look at the top ten grossing films of all time.
Is a single one of them bad?
Is a single one of them worth a score of 1 out of 10?
No, not even The Phantom Menace.
And this movie made 1.8 BILLION DOLLARS worldwide.
It can't be bad.
Not possible.
10/10.p.s.
how can anyone even consider comparing this to spiderman?
spiderman was a fun movie, but it was a total 9/11 kneejerk that caused it to gross as much as it did.
it simply wasn't anything all that special.
no one will remember it in 50 years.
but i'm pretty sure Titanic will be remembered.
I am not going to lie, this is a great movie.
I saw it about 4 months ago at my local theatre.
I saw it a second time, and I was somewhat bored in the slow scenes.
Sid (the sloth) is not all that flattering, but Diego (a mountain lion, I think) is really good in the movie.
The animation is outstanding, and the story has a touching ending.
It is worth taking kids 10 and under to, but teens would probably find it a tad bit boring.
Also, the uniqueness in the characters is so interesting.
Like I said, it is a pretty good movie, but I would rate "Toy Story 2" or "Shrek" higher.
8/10
My name is Domino Harvery.
{EDIT *dizzying* CHOP} My--my--my name is Domino Harvey.
{CUT, CHOP} My name is Domino Harvey.
{EDIT.
CUT.
Playback}Never have I seen a director take so much flack for his style before.
By now it is evident that most people do not appreciate Tony Scott's choppy, flashy, dizzying editing technique.
If I have to choose between loving it and hating it, I'd say I love it.
It was borderline distracting at times, but the end result was pretty good and it's nice to see a director with a creative edge to his style and some originality (even if it borrows heavily from MTV videos).This stylistic edge manifests itself as Keira Knightley plays the role of cocky badass bounty hunter Domino Harvey and even her dialogue seems strangely choppy.
Otherwise she plays her poorly because I pretty much hated her character and did not sympathize one bit with her, no matter how much she suffered.
We follow Domino through her life as she joins up with fellow bounty hunters Mickey Rourke, Rizwan Abbasi and Edgar Ramirez.
The crew become tangled up in the FBI and suddenly has a reality show contract under Christopher Walken's TV production company (what is Christopher Walken doing in every film, by the way?).
I guess that is a clever film technique, because now Tony Scott is free to use as much flashy MTV/Reality Show editing footage as he likes.
It becomes a pastiche of MTV culture at this point.It followes then that the story is told at an amazingly rapid-fire pace, with lots of raunchy strong language and gun violence.
There are some funny jokes; it's all very modern and surreal at the same time.
It's a mess, but it's a rather enjoyable mess.
It is ultimately flawed in so many ways (the actors try too hard to make their characters "cool", for one) but it works.
I give it a weak 7/10 which may seem generous when compared to the general consensus of movie-goers who graded this film  but I feel it had some good ideas and executed them well.7 out of 10
When it comes to movies I can be pretty picky, and I'll complain about anything and everything that is done wrong.
While every movie has its flaws, The Night Listener had an exceptionally low count.If you read the last review (it was hard, since half of it was written in caps and it contained no actual information about the movie), you may have been led to believe that this movie was not too well done.
Unfortunately, if you read more than 3 lines into that same review, you discovered the poster's reason for disdain: he/she does not like the fact that the director is gay (or that the production team smokes crack...apparently).So, despite the fact that I have never written a review before, I thought this movie deserved one based on its merits, not the sexual orientation of its director.
Let's go over a quick checklist first: 1.
Great plot?
Absolutely.
I won't give a shred of it away, but the plot is highly compelling and definitely not what one would expect based on the commercials.
This is a thriller, not a horror, and it should be approached as such.
The story really will amaze you, even more so because it's true (and the plot did stay quite faithful to the actual events).2.
Wonderful Acting?
Oh Yes.
Robin Williams long ago broke free from the chains of the comedy type-cast, and he has since flourished in serious roles for which many people would have wrote him off just a decade ago.
He once again achieves high form in his role in The Night Listener, playing a radio host who becomes increasingly troubled by and entangled in a case of...well, I'll let you see for yourself.3.
Excellent direction?
Certainly.
Now, unlike the other poster to which I referred, I actually know something about direction.
I've been sutdying the art of direction at school now for 3 years.
Of course I really don't think that makes a lick of difference (the only thing that matters is if YOU like the direction), but I thought I should simply establish once again that I'm basing my opinions here on something both substantial and relevant...for example: not the sexual orientation of the director (or the alleged drug habits of the production team, LOL).Patrick Stettner's direction was moody and dark, and he allowed the angles and lighting to help create those so-sought-after feelings of "tension and release" rather than the messy, fast-paced camera-work and quick cuts we're so often subjected to today.
Some people can truly show you a story through their camera, while other's feel as if they have to make the story with the camera.
I really appreciate when someone these days has the courage to just use the camera as its supposed to be utilized, which is as an eyeball through which we all see.4.
Lighting, cinematography, and editing?
Great all around.
I've already wrote so much, and I could go on about these last three things for another ten paragraphs, so I'll just wrap it up.In short, go see this movie.
Don't listen to people who have alterior motives for trashing it, especially if they're so stupid that they unknowingly reveal that motive 1/4 of the way through their post.
Enjoy the show!
-Ben
The most hillarious and funny Brooks movie I ever seen.
I can watch and re-watch the tape 100 times.
I laugh my a** off and I cry on some moments.
It is really good and funny movie, and if you like Brooks - this is a must!
In short - Brooks (billionare) gets to the streets as homeless for 30 days in order to win the entire poor district from his competitor.
The reality bites, but in the end - it is about warm relations between humans... Hightly recommend!
This is definitely an appropriate update for the original, except that "party on the left is now party on the right."
Like the original, this movie rails against a federal government which oversteps its bounds with regards to personal liberty.
It is a warning of how tenuous our political liberties are in an era of an over-zealous, and over-powerful federal government.
Kowalski serves as a metaphor for Waco and Ruby Ridge, where the US government, with the cooperation of the mainstream media, threw around words like "white supremacist" and "right wing extremists as well as trumped-up drug charges to abridge the most fundamental of its' citizens rights, with the willing acquiescence of the general populace.
That message is so non-PC, I am stunned that this film could be made - at least not without bringing the Federal government via the IRS down on the makers like they did to Juanita Broderick, Katherine Prudhomme, the Western Journalism Center, and countless others who dared to speak out.
"Live Free or Die" is the motto on Jason Priestly's hat as he brilliantly portrays "the voice," and that sums up the dangerous (to some) message of this film.
There's so many things to fall for in Aro Tolbukhin.
En la mente del asesino (Inside the killer's mind), that it's very hard to talk about it without giving any kind of warning.
Let's just say that this movie is like an exercise in cinema but really, really great done.
It´s made with super 8, black and white shots, 35 milimeters, color, interviews, flashbacks.
Aro Tolbukhin it´s like a movie made a documental or viceversa, which most peculiar aspect relays on the doubt that leaves you wondering, did he really ever existed?
The movie follows the later life of an hungarian sailor that arrived in Guatemala, worked in a religious mission and then killed some people.
An act for which he got caught and death penalty sentenced.
The movie starts because some french documentalists got interested in this character so they interview him prior to his death.
Nowadays, some more people got involved and make a deeper research of the character.
The one we are witness of -the movie.For the main part in the history we are guided by a semi slow phase to go look inside Aro´s mind, mainly in order to decode why he did what he has done.
Nevertheless, the important thing is that the filmmakers never gives us a sided point of view; they left the judging for all of us and even as we may understand his actions, we clearly never justify them.
So, the first half is based upon recollecting information; later things turn into Aro's childhood, giving the movie such an incredible new force (even tough never got weak or boring).I don't mean -and don't want- to spoil anything; so the only thing left to say is that if by any chance you get this movie near you, believe me, the trip to see it is more than worthy.
The legendary Boris Karloff ended his illustrious career by making four cheapie fright flick clunkers in Mexico.
This is the token moody period Gothic horror entry from the bunch.
Karloff gives a typically spry and dignified performance as Matthias Morteval, an elderly eccentric patriarch who invites several of his petty, greedy and backbiting no-count relatives to his creepy rundown castle for the reading of a will.
Pretty soon the hateful guests are getting bumped off by lethal life-sized toy people who populate the place.
Onetime Mexican sex symbol Andres Garcia of "Tintorera" infamy portrays the dashing police officer hero and Julissa looks absolutely ravishing as the sole likable female character.
The clunky, plodding (non)direction, trite by-the-numbers script, ugly, washed-out cinematography, ridiculous murder set pieces (a gross fat slob gets blasted right in the face by a miniature cannon!
), overwrought string score, morbid gloom-doom atmosphere, largely lousy acting (Karloff notably excepted), cheesy mild gore, poor dubbing and rousing fiery conclusion all lend this enjoyably awful lemon a certain endearingly cruddy and hence oddly amusing ratty charm.
A real campy hoot.
The filming is pleasant and the environment is keenly realistic.
I liked that it boldly redresses conceptions of the many difficult moral and social morays of the 1930's Chinese-mainland countryside as well as more basic human questions - I felt I could get a real sense of the times, recreated even in splendid shots of traditional Chinese theatre and in purist depictions of street living.
It seemed worthwhile to experience.
The interwoven role which Buddhism plays is probably the most true-to-form - both in its menial and in its philosophic aspect, perhaps the most effective that I've seen in Chinese film.
Casting is great.
Images are memorable.
Acting is solid enough.
Thematically puerile but still rich enough to compliment the vehicle of its expression.
Return To the Lost World was filmed back-to-back with the 1992 version of The Lost World.In this sequel, the same five people, lead by Challenger return to the plateau where a group has started drilling for oil which is threatening to destroy the land.
Gomez has something to do with this.
They manage to defeat the drillers and the plateau is saved, much to the delight of the natives.Like in The Lost World, what few dinosaurs we see are made of rubber and these include a T-Rex and Ankylosaurus.John Ryhs-Davies and David Warner reprise their roles as Challenger and Summerlee and three of the other actors are also back.Despite reading several bad reviews of this and those cheap looking rubber dinosaurs, I enjoyed Return to the Lost World.Rating: 3 stars out of 5.
After 'Aakrosh' , this was the second film for Govind Nihalani as a director.Till this movie was made there was no audience for documentaries in India.This movie proved a point that a documentary can fulfil the requirements of a commercial film without diluting its essence.
It was one of the successful movies in the year in which it was released.
This movie contested against the big banners of the bollywood like'COOLIE', 'BETAAB','HERO' in 1983.SmithaPatel, in this movie acted more like a conscience of the hero whenever he drifted away or lost his composure she was there to remind him.
She was not like an usual heroine to do the usual stuff of running around the trees and shrubs.At one time,she even gave up her love when the hero's ruthlessness touched the roof top.There was another character in this movie, which was played by Om Puri contemporary, Naseeruddin Shah.He played as an inspector-turned-alcoholic character.The role conveyed the message of the end result of a honest cop who rubbed the wrong side of the system which also gave the viewers a chance to forecast the hero's ending.In his debut film,Sadashiv Amrapurkar captivated the audience with his cameo role which ultimately won him the best supporting actor by the filmfare.The cop in the movie was not a complete straight forward personality he was able to adjust to the system to an extent.
The anger which left half handedly continued in Govind Nihalani's other film "Drohkaal".
Even after two decades, this movie is remembered just because of the director and the entire crew.
Each one played their part par excellence.
I watched "Elephant Walk" for the first time in about 30 years and was struck by how similar the story line is to the greatly superior "Rebecca."
As others have said, you have the sweet young thing swept off her feet by the alternately charming and brooding lord of the manor, only to find her marriage threatened by the inescapable memory of a larger-than-life yet deeply flawed relative.
You have the stern and disapproving servant, a crisis that will either bind the couple together or tear them irreparably apart, climaxed by the fiery destruction of the lavish homestead.Meanwhile, "Elephant Walk" also owes some of its creepy jungle atmosphere to "The Letter," the Bette Davis love triangle set on a Singapore rubber plantation rather than a Sri Lankan tea plantation.Maltin gives "Elephant Walk" just two stars, and IMDb readers aren't much kinder, but I enjoyed it despite its predictability.
Elizabeth Taylor never looked lovelier, and Peter Finch does a credible job as the basically good man unable to shake off the influence of his overbearing father.
Dana Andrews -- a favorite in "Laura" and "The Best Year of Our Lives" -- is wasted as Elizabeth's frustrated admirer.
The real star is the bungalow, one of the most beautiful interior sets in movie history.
In the Hollywood west those trail hands were a rough bunch who when they came to town, partied pretty hardy.
After all trail driving was a lonely business back in the day before railroads got to all parts of the USA.
The drovers who worked for trail boss Gil Favor as played by Eric Fleming were no different.
But Fleming was a man of all business, he had a job to do and hired a top crew to do it.
With the long run of Rawhide and the fact that the regulars stayed with it for the most part, we got to know all the drovers at some point.
A some point story lines were focused around all of them, though the bulk were with Fleming and Clint Eastwood's character Rowdy Yates, the number 2 guy with the herd.Clint Eastwood's western image was molded by Rawhide, it's a shame that these are not shown more often.
Probably because they were done in black and white.
Had this been an NBC show, this would have been done in color like Bonanza and be running as often as those shows are.
We'd get to see a lot more of a man who became a move legend.Ironically enough it was Eric Fleming who left the show before it closed to do films.
He did a few them and was hoping the show would give him a bankable movie name.
Sadly he was killed on a movie location doing an action film, drowned in a river.
Had he lived he might have become a name like Eastwood's.Clint took over as trail boss in the last season and then the show completed its run.
And he of course became the icon he is today and not just in the western genre.Rawhide was a tough western who had some tough guys in it.
No frills in this one, these were working cowboys just doing a job and battling the elements and whatever situations they were thrown into every year.They really don't make television series like these any more.
What a pity.
Ah, Domino is actually a breath of fresh air, something new to the cinema world.
I enjoyed the movie a lot because of the intricate plot, the varied characters, and the intense camera effects.
I've seen some complain about the camera work and, in fact, according to the creators themselves, the flashy and wild shots were all the culmination of mistakes made through time.
All of what you see was the desired effect.
Perhaps some complain because something quite like this has never been done before, although that's what sets it apart.
In a deeper aspect, what you are seeing is just how Domino sees things through her eyes, think about it.When it comes to the story, I don't see anything quite bad about it.
Despite it's "messy" nature, according to some, it is in fact just a rapid form of storytelling.
The plot really isn't all that hard to follow, if you actually focus on what's going on.
Maybe it's just me because I see movies from many different aspects such as the acting, the plot, etc.
I'm no "interpreter" or anything who picks movies apart, it just comes to me.
With that said, I believe this is quite an excellent movie indeed, despite it's future as a cult-classic, blockbuster, or whatever.And the characters, well there's no doubting how varied the cast is.
I believe the cast is excellent as they all do fine jobs portraying their characters effectively, that's what makes a movie ladies and gentlemen.
The characters are all very unique and a plus is that you get to witness a small piece of each one of their lives, setting them apart even further.
Basically, I personally loved the cast and characters.All those who bash and burn this film perhaps just don't see it as I do, or it just doesn't appeal to them.
No matter, this is a great film in it's own right, no, it's a great film period.
I was a bit scared to watch this movie due to its rates.
But living in Italy titles like this never ever come across and I love step so much that I decided to give it try.
And how surprised I was!
The story is different from any other dance-movie I've seen lately, with a deeper meaning than just "winning".
It's touching and well written and well directed.
Raya is such a strong character, I love the fact that she never doubts herself, she's so mature and focused and AWARE of her TALENT (and what talent Rutina Wesley has, my jaw dropped in the final dance scene).
The way she pursues her dream and refuses to let anything stop her is, honestly, inspiring.
Also, the fact that she's not the typical super-hot chick (see Jessica Alba, Briana Evigan, Jenna Dewan, Zoe Seldana...) makes her really appealing and real.
Seriously, why is this movie rated so low?
You can understand between the first 5 minutes that it's a good work.
Really good actually.
I even cried at the end of the movie.
And the dancing routines are just sick.
This movie re-wrote film history in every way.
No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism.
Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it.
It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again.
I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe.
One for the ages.
ELEPHANT WALK may not be the acme of literature or of film, but it is great entertainment in the quasi-melodramatic mode.
It is the story of love, both genuine and illicit, as well as overweening ambition, devotion, and the arrogance of personal tyranny.
A previous reviewer, John Mankin, questions why the central focus of the film, the mansion called Elephant Walk, should have been built by the former owner, the "governor" the late Tom Wiley, right across the elephants' traditional path to the major source of water, the river.
To miss this point is to essentially miss the point of the whole center of the film: the hubris of man.
That his son, played by Peter Finch, should become enthralled by the super image and enigma of his revered father, is not unexpected, since the son was without a mother growing up in a foreign jungle with only his father and his father's rowdy 'boys' club' as his role models.
The point of the father was that he was a self-made man who would tame nature to his liking, and that liking was not just a tea plantation upon the lands the elephants once dominated, but also that he would dominate even the large bull elephant that led the herd, and thus he would dominate his son and all around him, and so we join the tale after the elephants have been denied the crucial dry season access to their pathway to water.
Who could know that this dry season would last so long and what the elephants would do in desperation to get water?
This is the nexus of the film: what will animals do to get water; what will humans do to get power or love?
Ceylon, today's Sri Lanka, is the huge island off the coast of India where the plantation is located and one quickly learns that it is the real scenery of the story, not just the expenses of Miss Taylor.
Were it not for this exotic location (much of the film was shot in Ceylon), and the magnificent "bungalow" this would have been just another potboiler.
One must recognize the atmosphere created here as integral to the time and place, as it illuminates the latter day wealth and power attained by the English immigrant 'conquerors' that were part and parcel of the British raj.
It is only such wealth gained by the use of virtual slave labor that one could build so magnificent a residence of ebony, teak, and marble.
Not to be overlooked are the wonderfully carved Jalees (grille work window and doorway borders) evidently specified by art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and obviously made by the cheaper labor on the island.
Such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought.For those immune to the blandishments of time, place, and architecture, there is always the allure of Miss Taylor, as she marries a man she doesn't really know and is tacitly wooed by a another man, against the background described, and under the overarching tyranny of the legacy of a man deceased.
As I said, it is not great literature nor even great film, but it is great spectacle long before that term was debased by the special effects extravaganzas of today.This is one of those films made to be seen on the giant screen of an outdoor drive-in, not on the home TV, so arrange the largest screen to see it on to fully appreciate its fine camera-work and scope.
This is my first CG animated film that I've ever seen.
Usually, the look of other animated films made me reticent to see them.
Not Ice Age.
I wanted to see it the moment I saw the trailer with Scrat, the hilarious sabertooth squirrel.Ice Age was sporadically funny and overall fun film to watch.
The story is basically an animated version of Three Men and a Baby, set 20,000 years in the past.
The visuals were great.
Simply beautiful.
It's one thing to create convincing aninmation, it's another thing altogether to create visually arresting stuff and Ice Age is great to look at with its stylized visuals.
Blue Sky Studios is a company to look out for in the future.
Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes art out of the least "artful" objects imaginable.
Everyday items such as crates, boxes, metal containers, etc.
- items which most of us perceive as utilitarian at best and dismiss as being utterly without aesthetic merit - are instead converted into glorious objects d'art by Burtynsky's camera.
He achieves this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that are apparently ever present in the industrialized world - for those perceptive enough to spot them, that is.
Even heaps of compacted trash can become objects of beauty when seen through Burtynsky's lens (but didn't we already know that from "Wall-E"?).
He is particularly interested in photographing areas like mines and shipyards where Man has already made incursions into nature - which may explain why at times even the people in his pictures (i.e.
the workers in those places), with their uniform clothing and robotic movements, become part of the industrial landscape.
"Manufactured Landscapes," a documentary about Burtynsky's work, has much of the feel of a "Koyaanisqatsi" about it as it dazzles us with its richly variegated kaleidoscope of images and patterns.
Indeed, director Jennifer Baichwal and cinematographer Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original photos in purely cinematic terms, as their own camera records Burtynsky and his assistant running photo shoots at a factory in China, a dockyard in Bangladesh, and the construction site at the massive Three Rivers Gorge Dam project in China.
With their fluid camera-work, the filmmakers match point-for-point the beauty of Burtynsky's images.
In fact, the movie opens with a stunning eight-minute-long tracking shot of a Chinese factory in which hundreds of similarly dressed workers toil away in perfectly symmetrical and color-coordinated rows.The movie does less well when Burtynsky gets around to articulating the "themes" of his work, which, quite frankly, come out sounding confused, contradictory and decidedly half-baked at best.
But it is as a purely aesthetic experience, highlighting image and form, that "Manufactured Landscapes" resonates most.
In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps, a picture really IS worth a thousand words.
Young Erendira and her tyrranical Grandmother provide for a great fantasy from the new world.
This interpretation of Gabriel Garcia Marquez'"La incréible y triste historia da la cándida Eréndira,..." may not rub Marquez purists the right way eventhough The story stays intact and still carries the full force of the work.
The strength of this film is in its acting especially Papas as the Grandmother.
Marquez fans and Marquez novices alike will enjoy this movie for its real gritty brand of witt.
This is the most confronting documentary I have ever seen.
It was a simple and breathtaking view of a beautiful idea.
Based on photographs of the hidden industrial landscapes centred around the modern industrial growth of China, Edward Burtynsky brings to life confronting issues that we so easily chose to ignore.Taking no political sides, this movie is a neutral moving picture of realities that our western societies chooses not to educate us about - the by-products of economical growth, the externalities paid by citizens of the lesser-developed communities, the source of our comforts and the wastes of our consumer lifestyles.Amazing, heart-breaking, impossible to ignore.
This is a challenging journey but one worth taking - please stop staying ignorant and at least see these photographs of truth without feeling any pressure to take a standing to these issues.
10/10 definitely!
I find it so amazing that even after all these years, we are STILL talking about this movie!
Obviously this movie wasn't THAT bad or else people wouldn't even BOTHER to talk about it.
I personally enjoyed this film immensly, and still do!
I guess this film isn't for everyone, but it certainly did touch the hearts of many.
As for those that think that this film is "overrated" or "over-hyped"...well, we only have the movie-going public to thank for that!
lol* You see, it's not CRITICS/article writers that make a film "HUGE" or a "HIT" with the general movie-going public.
PEOPLE make the film a huge success.
With Titanic, everyone was in awe.
Let's face it, a film like this had never been made before.
At least not with the type of special effects needed to really capture the essence of the ship actually sinking.
This film is so accurate that even James Cameron timed the actual sinking of the ship in the film with the REAL sinking that fateful day in April 1912.
Even the silverware for goodness sakes matched!
Give this movie a break you guys!
The critics thought this movie would sink BIG time!
When this movie actually came out and people started hearing by WORD OF MOUTH (which is the BEST form of advertisement mind you) that this was a good/decent/movie worth seeing, then everyone started flocking to the theaters in droves to see this movie...not once, not twice, but maybe 3 times and more!
So, I really wouldn't say that this movie was "overhyped"...at least not like the buildup for the MATRIX reloaded or the HULK is being "overhyped".
ha!
Critics didn't even think that Titanic would make enough money to cover Cameron's gigantic film budget that it took to make this mammoth of a film.
However, the films money took care of that 200 million budget and MUCH more!
Personally, I LOVE this film.
However, this film might not be for everyone.
DOn't say that this film sucks just because of romance though!
THat is the most sexist thing I've ever heard!
Disliking a movie just because it has romance in it!
The story was sweet.
The dialogue could have been better, but let's face it...the REAL star of the movie wasn't Leo or Kate...it was that GIGANTIC Ship!
I think all of the actors including DiCaprio and Winslet did a fine job.
It's not thier best work (I've seen much BETTER work from both of them) but it wasn't the WORST I've seen on screen before.
Give them a break!
This has got to be a unique twists of two genres of ever seen.
The giant monster movie genre with the living mummy movie genre.
This unique blend makes for a unique and compelling story.
The casts is outstanding, including TOM BOSLEY who as far as I know never has been in a horror movie before, ever.
The effects are impressive and the idea of a giant mummy filled with smaller mummies is a cool one.
My one complaint, I just wish we saw more of the giant mummy, but other then that I think they did a great job.
The dialog, the characters and the story was perfect.
The acting was wonderful.
This has got to be the best movie to come out of the sci-fi channel.
You heard me, the best movie to come out of the sci-fi channel.
I give THE FALLEN ONES 9 OUT OF 10.
An interesting animation about the fate of a giant tiger, a sloth, and a mammoth, who saved a baby, who was close to be killed by a group of tigers during the ice age.
The morale of the film shows that good behavior with the others may bring benefits at the end.
One of the tigers in the group got an order to finally capture the baby, who was hardly saved by his mother when the tigers attacked her community.
The baby was then rescued by the sloth and the mammoth, but the tiger joined them with the objective of finally taken away the baby.
They went through very troublesome paths with plenty of danger, and at once the tiger was to fall down and saved by the mammoth.
At the end the group of tigers tried to capture the baby but the mammoth helped incredibly by his tiger colleague was able to overcome this attack and to give the baby back to his father and the community to which he belongs.
While I loved this movie, the trailers that circulated the internet the year before it hit theaters set my expectations a bit high.I own the DVD, so don't get me wrong, I am not saying don't watch it or even buy it!
It's just that I still think the first scene was the best, and nothing throughout the entire movie ever topped it.
If you've ever wondered why they don't make porn with a plot, watch Dream Quest.
On the one hand, you have to give the Armstrong credit both for making the effort to capitalize on this idea and for using such a strong adult cast to put some name power behind it.
On the other hand, it also quickly becomes apparent why most porns never have more than 15 or 20 seconds of dialog connecting sex scenes together.
These people simply cannot act (and the story is, unfortunately, lame to a ridiculous degree).Still, I gave it a 7 because it was a nice try and there didn't seem to be much of an effort to cut corners.
Also, I'd like to see more attempts like this one.
Maybe someday I will see the perfect combination of porn and plot.
It ran 8 seasons, but it's first, in early 1959, and it's last, in the autumn of 1965, were shorter than seasons 2-7.
CBS chief William Paley canceled Rawhide's production after watching the 1st show of season 8, in September, 1965, because he disliked the series without Eric Fleming as Gil Favor, who had departed after season 7.
The last new episode aired in November, 1965.
The lone 1966 CBS broadcast, on January 4, 1966, was a rerun.
I have often wondered why Rawhide didn't switch to color filming for it's last season?
Most of the big westerns of the 1960s had gone over to color by 1965.
CBS was broadcasting in color that autumn, for many of their sitcoms, but westerns like Gunsmoke and Rawhide remained in black and white.
Gunsmoke was the last western (and last prime time network series to switch to color) on September 17, 1966, for the episode Snap Decision.
The performance by Om Puri, Smita Patil, and Sadashiv Amrapurkar and the whole chemistry comes off nicely, along with the minimalist approach to story telling and direction by Govind Nihlani.
The dialogues by Vijay Tendulkar is also great.
I have not seen another movie like this.
It is one whole, each piece so nicely fit in the plot.
You cannot not be impressed by this movie.
Amrish Puri comes off as the bossy husband and 'baap' of Om Puri.
Om Puri is the young man caught between his sense of duty and his inability to fight the system.
Sadhashiv as Rama Shetty gives just about the right touch to the movie with his smiling and soft speaking villain.
The first meeting of Anand Velankar with Rama Shetty's at Sadhashiv's place is absoulely stunning.
Smita Patil does not play a main role, but her part is also not distracting from the main plot.
And to add to this all Kafi Inamdar plays the role of a cop who has come to terms with the system and its workings.
Saying right things in the right places and knowing how to keep himself away from trouble.
He is also the 'guru' of Om Puri and helps him whenever he gets into trouble.The movie not only brings to focus the difficulties faced by a police officer trying to do his duty but also the other side of brutalities in police custody.
Om Puri captures hopelessness and the burning desire to break free in this exceptional performance in Ardh Satya.
A treat to all avid fans of Indian cinema.
You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (with perhaps the exception of "Death To Smoochy", which bombed when it came out but is now a cult classic).
The dramas he has made lately have been fantastic, especially "Insomnia" and "One Hour Photo".
"The Night Listener", despite mediocre reviews and a quick DVD release, is among his best work, period.This is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter.
The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed.
In high school, I read an autobiography by a child named Anthony Godby Johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted AIDS as a result.
I was moved by the story until I read reports online that Johnson may not actually exist.
When I saw this movie, the confused feelings that Robin Williams so brilliantly portrayed resurfaced in my mind.Toni Collette probably gives her best dramatic performance too as the ultimately sociopathic "caretaker".
Her role was a far cry from those she had in movies like "Little Miss Sunshine".
There were even times she looked into the camera where I thought she was staring right at me.
It takes a good actress to play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet well reviewed) role that makes Toni Collette probably one of the best actresses of this generation not to have even been nominated for an Academy Award (as of 2008).
It's incredible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.This is a good, dark film that I highly recommend.
Be prepared to be unsettled, though, because this movie leaves you with a strange feeling at the end.
Slaughter High is about a boy named Marty.
He was harassed, and picked on in high school.
A group of kids played several pranks on him, and these pranks were REALLY bad.
The last prank ended tragically.cue to 5 years later.
The gang of kids meet up again for a reunion.
One of them set it up at the old high school.
The school is now abandoned, and they have to break in.
For some reason, the Janitor is still there, but he tells them to go ahead and have fun because they give him a beer.They start partying ,and looking at their old lockers, and they see something of Marty's.
One girl feels sorry for Marty but another guy calms her down.Once the kills begin, it is great.
Every kills is creative and gory.
We see a figure in a jester mask, hunting them one by one throughout the school.
It appears Marty is back to exact revenge.
After the first person is killed, they find out they are locked in the school.
They begin looking for a way out.Now, there are a number of illogical things in this movie.
First of all, I don't know anyone who has a 5 year reunion.
Second of all, after the first kid dies, a girl gets blood all over her.
They all run away in a panic, yet she runs to the bathroom, and finds a bathtub.
Hrr friend has just been killed, and she decides to take a bath!?
More importantly, why is there a bathtub in a school bathroom.
Anyways, the bathtub doesn't seem to really work....and she dies a horrible death this is an 80s movie.
it is a horror slasher.
WHO CARES if it has some illogical parts.
I for one don't.
This movie has really great deaths.
The ending.... there is a twist.
Having recently seen Haute Tension, I can compare the two.
The only way they are similar is that there is a twist, which kind of left me disappointed.....THEN right after the twist, comes a great, if not the best kill, in the movie.After the last kill, the killer looks at the screen and also does something crazy, and it was the perfect way to end the movie.
It has me going "wow..."
Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictional love story on the historical setting of the Titanic.
The plot is simple, noncomplicated, or not for those who love plots that twist and turn and keep you in suspense.
The end of the movie can be figured out within minutes of the start of the film, but the love story is an interesting one, however.
Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young lady betrothed by Cal (Billy Zane).
Early on the voyage Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower class artist on his way to America after winning his ticket aboard Titanic in a poker game.
If he wants something, he goes and gets it unlike the upper class who are so concerned with their social worries.
The two fall in love and the audience sees the sinking of the Titanic primarily through their eyes.The movie begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreck by a group searching for treasures, that sunk with the Titanic, which has recently occurred.
One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who had heard of the exploration of the wreck on television and is flown to the boat where the search is being led from to tell of what she remembers to help the search.
She gets to telling her memory of the one and only voyage of the Titanic.
With this, the scene shifts to Southhampton, Ireland where the Titanic set sail from on April 10, 1912 as all the passengers are boarding.
After another stop on the Irish coast Titanic went out to see on its maiden voyage across the Atlantic bound for New York.
Historically the first few days of the voyage went by uneventful, but the fictional plot of the story is developed during this time as Rose sees the hopeless entrapement of an engagement that she is in to the wealthy Cal Hockley and falls in love with third class passenger, Jack Dawson.
Captain Smith alledgedly as shown in the movie was urged by the White Star Line Director to increase the speed of the ship so they would make the newspaper headlines and receive extra publicity by arriving in New York on Thursday night and not on Friday morning as planned.
Smith then ordered the fateful decision going against his thirty-two years of experience to stretch the Titanic's legs out to full speed.
The Titanic had reports that the waters in the Atlantic they were sailing in were full of icebergs, but they ignored these warnings and proceeded at full speed as shown in the movie.
On April 15, 1912 at 11:39, an iceberg was sighted.
They attempted to shut off the engines and turn the ship out of the path of the iceberg but there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side as depicted in the film.
The portrayal of the many small holes in the side of the ship and not one large gash along the side is accurate.
The crew of Titanic sent out distress calls and set off distress rockets as shown until 2:18 when the lights finally failed.
The lights of the California were spotted six miles away but they failed to realize what was going on and did not respond to Titanic's many pleas for help.
The California had tried earlier in the day to warn Titanic of the severe ice that had caused them to stop their trip but Titanic had brushed them off causing the California to turn off its radio and leave the Titanic on its own.
The first class women and children were the first as depicted to be put into the twenty lifeboats that were on the ship.
Overwhelmingly the third class passengers suffered the most amount of deaths of any class and the crew was hit hard in this tragedy too.
The word of White Star Line employees and first class passengers was believed over that of second and third class passengers when authorities were trying to gain information of the sinking.
Also, the metal that was used to build the Titanic has been found in recent years under conditions of severe cold, which were experienced the night Titanic sank to be extremely brittle.
Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in its portayal of the events and the times at which these events took place on the Titanic.Many of the characters in the story were not real and created simply for the purpose of the movie or as composite characters to represent possible characteristics and ideas of people on the ship.
The core group of Rose, Jack, Cal, and Rose's mother all were fictional characters added into the story as they represent different groups of people from the time.
Yet many characters such as the Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; the ship designer, Thomas Andrew; the White Star Line Representative, Bruce Ismay; and all of the Titanic's officers were real.
The maiden voyage was going to be Captain Edward Smith's last voyage anyway as he planned to retire afterwards.
He had been a part of the White Star Line since 1880 where he worked his way up to his status as the Millionaire's Captain when the Titanic sunk.
The portrayals of the officers is accurate as only four survived the tragedy except for the officer who threatened to kill all of the passengers of the ship with his pistol.
He is on record as acting heroicly and was misportrayed to the point that James Cameron apologized and evoked a monument in his honor in the officer's former Canadian hometown.
As shown in the movie there was a language problem between the crew and many of the lower-class passengers from non-English speaking nations.
In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer who came back in the lifeboat as depicted.
The old people shown in their bed as the water came in their room were based on the Strauss'.
Not wanting to leave her husband's side Mrs. Strauss refused to get in her lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic.
Furthermore, Mr. Goggenheim who was shown sipping his brandy and smoking a cigar reportedly did go out like this dressed in his best.
The richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan died nonetheless as well, but his much younger wife was saved in a lifeboat.
In addition, Molly Brown was saved and later had medals made up for the crew of the Carpethia that picked the survivors of Titanic up from the water.
Her ticket on the Titanic had cost over four-thousand dollars and by the end of her life she ended up broke.
All of the interiors of the ship were masterfully replacated down to the last pieces of china and silverware.
The gymnasium, which is hardly seen is recreated perfectly with all of the machines reproduced to match those seen in old photographs.
The wonderful outfits and costuming were an excellent re-creation of the Post-Victorian era of 1912.
The rich at this time practically ruled everything, as the women's suffrage movement had not quite gotten moving yet.
Women during this time often married for financial security as Rose was considering doing and normally took a back seast status to their husbands as Cal wished for Rose to do.
The rich did not take well to `new money' such as Molly Brown as depicted.
Everything of the time was very formal.
Women had to be escorted to dinner by a male figure as seen with in the dining scenes.
Smoking was not very common among women of the time but holders of cigarettes, which were just coming in at the time were used as seen with Rose in the movie.
Men of the time generally smoked cigars not cigarettes.
Women were constained physically by their corsets and socially by society.
Although James Cameron had no background in historical films he brought in experts of Titanic coupled with two years spent cross-referencing the history of the Titanic and few liberties were taken.
The beautiful cinematography and special effects also helped to make the film even more breathtaking.A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic as the people on the ship had about three hours to contemplate their demise.
The director, James Cameron, shows the various reactions to this time of crisis in people's lives.
Everyone reacts differently and he gets you to think of how you might have reacted had you been in that situation on the Titanic on that fateful night.
In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990's when it was produced as it gives a look into the wreck of the Titanic.
Only in the past fifteen years has the site of the actual Titanic been found and explored.
This movie was able to give us a deeper look into a disaster that many would not have viewed.
However, the moral question of whether people today should be taking treasures from the wreck of an underwater graveyard is posed.
There have been attempts to stop treasure seeking missions such as the one portrayed in Titanic but all have failed.
As it stands today anyone can make a voyage to the Titanic and take whatever valuables they as portrayed in the film showing the general values of our time on this matter.Technically the film is very well done.
To get footage of the wreck at the bottom of the ocean it took twelve dives to get all of the footage needed for the movie.
In addition, a special camera had to be created to withstand the intense pressure at the bottom of the ocean.
Cameron did not plan on using the probe to go as far inside Titanic as anyone has in the 88 years since the ship sunk but it worked out that this provided an unique perspective into the ship.
Furthermore, throughout the film fade ins and outs from the wreck of Titanic to the scene of Titanic during its actual voyage.
This shift between the modern scene to the past scene during the voyage works as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to follow in aclear manner.
At the very beginning of the movie a septune recreation is used to recreate the scene when the actual people left the European coast on Titanic giving it distinction from the rest of the events of the film.Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic.
Like most history novels, we know the ending, but it doesn't take away from the wonderful treats that can be found in this picture.
Certain aspects of this film are Academy Award material including costuming, sound, cintematography, and editing.
If you like interesting characters that will give you an insight into the life of characters in the early 1900's and how they face disaster, then this movie definitely is for you.
Domino is a great movie.
It's about a young woman names Domino Harvey (Kiera Knightley) who becomes a bounty-hunter because of her boredom with her lifestyle.
She joins with two fellow hunters (Mickey Rourke & Edgar Ramirez) and the adventures begin.
The script is good.
Very down-to-earth and realistic with the tone of the film.
The only problem I had with this movie is that it concentrates on the different things that they do, instead of the character of Domino.Even with that, Kiera Knightley gives a fierce performance.
She shows the right amount of anger and dedication in this performance.
Mickey Rourke follows up his Oscar-Worthy performance in 'Sin City' with another tough-guy performance.
Edgar Ramirez really doesn't do anything except speak Spanish every once in a while and stare at Kiera.
Delroy Lindoi gives a good supporting performance.
Mo'Nique was herself, although she did surprise me on one particular scene.
Lucy Liu has great chemistry with Kiera Knightley in her scenes with her.The best thing about the movie though, is the direction.
Tony Scott's fast-paced style really brings the movie to life.
The cinematography is some of the best, I've ever seen.
It takes a regular movie and puts on acid.
All the blacks are blacker, the whites are brighter, and it has a sort of green glow to it.
The action scenes are exhilarating.OVERALL: If you liked Sin City & Man on Fire, you'll like Domino.
Titanic has to be one of my all-time favorite movies.
It has its problems (what movies don't) but still, it's enjoyable.When I stumble across someone who asks me why I like Titanic, I suppose my first reaction is "wait a minute, you don't?"
I know so many people who don't like this movie, and I'm not saying I don't see why.
"The love story is too cheesy" well, yes but isn't it enjoyable and moving?
All right, the love story between Jack and Rose is very unrealistic, everyone knows that love like this doesn't actually exist.
But this is a movie, doesn't everyone enjoy watching a beautiful story that lets us slip slightly into fantasy for a while?
The next complaint, DiCaprio and Winslet are terrible actors.
Well, OK, in this movie, I agree that they do not perform to their full potentials.
However I think it's unfair to say that they are terrible actors.
I personally think they are both very talented actors who unfortunately are very famous for a movie that they are not amazing in.
But the roles they are given are simple, and the characters seem real enough that you can care about them quite a bit, but I agree with many people that they did not do as well as could have been expected.And finally, if one is going to complain that they don't like this movie because they hate romance, or because they hate history, or tragic movies, then I'm sorry but why on earth did they go and see a movie that is so clearly all of these things.
It's like people who complain The Dark Knight is a bad movie because they hate action movies.
Simply for being a movie, not because you dislike the genre, this IS a good movie.Well deserving of its Oscars, in particular, Best Cinematography, which I find to be the best I've ever seen in a movie save maybe the Lord of the Rings trilogy.I know some of the writing fails, such as the constant screaming of each other's names throughout the movie.
The flashback portion of the story can be quite weak at times, but overall it's an amazing achievement in making the Titanic look so real, and the sinking feel so epic.I understand why a lot of people dislike this movie, but for the most part it boils down to them disliking the fundamental idea, such as it being a love story, rather than them thinking the movie in and of itself is poorly constructed.I can tell you that I have read more than five books about the Titanic, including memoirs form the day it happened, and this movie is extremely historically accurate save just a few faults.
The only main ones I can find is that the piping should be threaded copper, not steel, and the iceberg looks fairly unrealistic as is the scene where they hit it.I give this movie 10/10, not because I like romance movies, but simply because it's an outstanding cinematic achievement, that leaves one feeling horrified by the realistic adaptation of events.
I saw this film on True Movies (which automatically made me sceptical) but actually - it was good.
Why?
Not because of the amazing plot twists or breathtaking dialogue (of which there is little) but because actually, despite what people say I thought the film was accurate in it's depiction of teenagers dealing with pregnancy.It's NOT Dawson's Creek, they're not graceful, cool witty characters who breeze through sexuality with effortless knowledge.
They're kids and they act like kids would.
They're blunt, awkward and annoyingly confused about everything.
Yes, this could be by accident and they could just be bad actors but I don't think so.
Dermot Mulroney gives (when not trying to be cool) a very believable performance and I loved him for it.
Patricia Arquette IS whiny and annoying, but she was pregnant and a teenagers?
The combination of the two isn't exactly lavender on your pillow.
The plot was VERY predictable and but so what?
I believed them, his stress and inability to cope - her brave, yet slightly misguided attempts to bring them closer together.
I think the characters, acted by anyone else, WOULD indeed have been annoying and unbelievable but they weren't.
It reflects the surreality of the situation they're in, that he's sitting in class and she walks on campus with the baby.
I felt angry at her for that, I felt angry at him for being such a child and for blaming her.
I felt it all.In the end, I loved it and would recommend it.Watch out for the scene where Dermot Mulroney runs from the disastrous counselling session - career performance.
Once again the two bickering professors must join together to save the lost world.
The five members of the first expedition return (see The Lost World, 1992, for a list of actors).
A man seeking oil brings a drilling crew to the plateau.
Instead of striking oil they tap an underground volcano which threatens all life in the Lost World.
The oil crew clash with the native people and the scientific expedition.
Although the situation looks hopeless.... (I'm not going to tell you the ending).
This movie looked like a classic in the cheesy 80s slasher genre, which is my favorite genre of them all, so when I saw it was Free on Demand, I had to watch it!
It stars Caroline Munro, from both Dr. Phibes films (she was his wife that died!
), Dracula A.D. 1972, The Golden Voyage of Sinbad, Captain Kronos - Vampire Hunter, The Spy Who Loved Me, Maniac, and Faceless.Brought to you by the people behind Don't Open Til Christmas and Pieces, Heres my thoughts on this...It opens on April Fools Day, where a bunch of kids play an elaborate prank on the school nerd- promising him sex in the shower, and giving him public humiliation and a face in the toilet (all while hes naked!).
The coach puts a stop to it, but both parties swear revenge.
But, the cool kids end up burning the nerd alive.Cut to the future, and its th High School reunion, or so they think (bwahahha?).
The only ones with invitations were the gang who burned the kid, and its April Fools Day (or really, the day before April Fools, but the fun starts at midnight), yet they fail to see the coincidence and hang out in front of the school until nightfall.
Then they finally break into the school and it starts storming.Inside they find food/drink and a little shrine for each of them, each of their lockers and belongings, along with Marty's (the nerds) locker and yearbook.
They also find the old black janitor/caretaker who spends his time saying "Oooh yesser!
Yesser!
I don't want no trouble, sir!"
and then is killed instantly.
Pretty pointless character, but hes still my favorite.The movie takes a page out of Alien's book, in a deliciously gory way that you just have to see!
Thats when everyone realizes that they're there to die, and they start freaking out, except for Shirley, who decides it would be best to take a bath in the old school showers at a time like this.
Of course, it pours out blood and acid and her face melts off (very cool, mind you) The rest of the night goes as usual, sex, drugs, and Marty killing everyone whilst wearing a jester mask.. Whats their plan?
"All we have to do is stay awake and wait till noon.
Marty wont kill us during mid-day!".
Seriously, thats what he said.
Apparently you can only kill at nighttime.
But will they survive through the night?
Who will live and who will die?
And why are all the bodies disappearing?
Rent, buy, or steal this great movie to find out!
The movie is actually very good, filled with clichés (car wont start, DAMMIT!)
and just plain slasher fun.
Not to mention they all have names like Carol and Nany and Frank and Joe and Susan.
I recommend it to all of you!
And, not to mention, it has a Spin Off!
1989's Cutting Class is a spin-off from this slasher gem, and that movie starts the career of Brad Pitt and Roddy McDowell.Favorite scene: 2 people having sex, the guy wants to finish but the girl doesn't.
"Talk dirty to me, Frank!!"
she screams "Uh...
tits!"
"DIRTIER!"
"Uh... tits.
F*ck.
tits.
Boobs.
F*ck.".
It seems to work for her and at her climax, the killer electrocutes them both!
Being the first feature film with Robert De Niro (although not released for years later), this is worth the watch.
De Niro's role isn't huge, yet amusing as one of two friends who first try to prevent another friends marriage only to later chase him down to force him into it.
Any die hard De Niro fan will get a kick out of an early performance by arguably the best actor today.
I have to say, I loved Vanishing Point.
I've seen the original, and this is a pretty good remake of it.
Even though it didn't follow the original storyline (that's why I gave it 8 out of 10), it was still pretty good and this is probably a better storyline.As for the car, well the DJ's comment at the end about the Challenger going 185 mph into the bulldozers is pretty improbable (And if you look, the speedometer needle was wobbling at 145-150), but even though I didn't see one on the engine in one of the beginning scenes where they show the engine, the original storyline had a supercharged Hemi, so it's possible.
For those of you who say aerodynamics wouldn't allow it, the normally aspirated Chrysler 300C of today can go 168 mph, and if you look at that thing, going on a highway with it it's like pushing a brick wall through the wind at 70 mph.
Plus, in a wind tunnel test if you put an air dam on the Challenger it would probably be more aerodynamic.
Homelessness (or Houselessness as George Carlin stated) has been an issue for years but never a plan to help those on the street that were once considered human who did everything from going to school, work, or vote for the matter.
Most people think of the homeless as just a lost cause while worrying about things such as racism, the war on Iraq, pressuring kids to succeed, technology, the elections, inflation, or worrying if they'll be next to end up on the streets.But what if you were given a bet to live on the streets for a month without the luxuries you once had from a home, the entertainment sets, a bathroom, pictures on the wall, a computer, and everything you once treasure to see what it's like to be homeless?
That is Goddard Bolt's lesson.Mel Brooks (who directs) who stars as Bolt plays a rich man who has everything in the world until deciding to make a bet with a sissy rival (Jeffery Tambor) to see if he can live in the streets for thirty days without the luxuries; if Bolt succeeds, he can do what he wants with a future project of making more buildings.
The bet's on where Bolt is thrown on the street with a bracelet on his leg to monitor his every move where he can't step off the sidewalk.
He's given the nickname Pepto by a vagrant after it's written on his forehead where Bolt meets other characters including a woman by the name of Molly (Lesley Ann Warren) an ex-dancer who got divorce before losing her home, and her pals Sailor (Howard Morris) and Fumes (Teddy Wilson) who are already used to the streets.
They're survivors.
Bolt isn't.
He's not used to reaching mutual agreements like he once did when being rich where it's fight or flight, kill or be killed.While the love connection between Molly and Bolt wasn't necessary to plot, I found "Life Stinks" to be one of Mel Brooks' observant films where prior to being a comedy, it shows a tender side compared to his slapstick work such as Blazing Saddles, Young Frankenstein, or Spaceballs for the matter, to show what it's like having something valuable before losing it the next day or on the other hand making a stupid bet like all rich people do when they don't know what to do with their money.
Maybe they should give it to the homeless instead of using it like Monopoly money.Or maybe this film will inspire you to help others.
I enjoyed the cinematographic recreation of China in the 1930s in this beautiful film.
The story is simple.
An older male performer wants to pass on his art to a young man although he has no living children.
The faces of the actors are marvelous to see.
The story reveals the devotion and gratitude of children to those who treat them well and their longing to be treated well.
The operas in the film remind me of FAREWELL MY CONCUBINE, which was more sophisticated and intricate.
The story here reminds me of a Dickens tale of days when children were almost chattel.
The plot is a bit predictable and a bit too sentimental for me but well worth the time to view for the heroism, humanity, and history portrayed.
Wow, praise IMDb and Google, for I have been trying to remember the name of this f'ing awesome movie for over 15 years now.
Slaughter High, man!
Hells yeah!I'm not going to bore you with a plot summary, and actors, and yadda yadda yadda, 'cause you all know what's up.
That's why you're here anyway.
What I will do, however, is explain the fond memory I have of this quintessential 80's D-Movie slasher joint.In 1987, when I was around the age of 7, my father used to rent all these horror movies.
Would he care that his kids were watching them with him?
No.
So, at that young age i saw Slaughter High.
What I saw in that movie stuck with me big time.
I haven't seen it since, but I remember to this day most of the ridiculous kills in the movie.
For example, the post-sex scene (why is there a metal bed in a school?)
gets electrocuted.
Or, the guy being drowned in a cess pool.
Come on!
My personal favorite, though...the exploding stomach from the tainted beer.
Amazing!
How can you honestly hate on a movie where one of the characters finds a beer in an abandoned school, like, 10 or 15 years later and thinks it would be a good idea to drink it?
Then his stomach explodes?
What!?
And that great line: Let's take my car...it always starts.
Classic crap all the way.
I mean, I look back now, almost 20 years later, and laugh at it.
But when I was 7, I was scared sh!tless.
That jester hat (or was it a mask?)
that the killer rocks throughout freaked me the f*ck out!All in all, yes, a crappy movie.
But for nostalgia purposes and for humor factor this movie gets a 9 out of 10 from me.
Either stay up every night real late and hope to catch this on same Late Late Late Movie show, or hunt down a VHS copy and dust off your VCR.
I saw this movie when Mystery Science Theater ran it in 1993.
It is the worst thing I've ever seen.
So bad in fact, that by sheer freakiness, this movie must get a ten rating because it has to be seen to be believed.
Whoever wrote this script with children in mind should be beaten.
I mean, really, the Devil vs. Santa?
Visions of Hell?
Creepy laughing wind-up reindeer?
Forced Child labor with racial stereotypes?
It ain't Sesame Street, that's for sure.As Crow exclaims during the MST3K showing, "This is good ol' fashioned nightmare fuel!"
There's plenty of weird innuendo and screwed up theology.
Merlin (presumably the Arthurian Merlin) hangs out with Santa in his crazy castle in the clouds (i.e.
Heaven).
Santa talks about baby Jesus and sends letters to "Mr. Stork" for children who ask for siblings.
There are symbols around the castle that either look like pentagrams or RAF stars.
My best friend and I have watch it every year since 1993 and we subject anybody we can hold down for 2 hours to watch it with us.
'Capital City' fans rejoice!
This first season of this series is now available from Network DVD and I've recently got my copy!
Although very much an ensemble piece of key 'maverick' trading floor characters 'CAPITAL CITY' does present us with various moments through both its first and second season when each member of the team plays a significant part in a particular central or peripheral plot line.
The cultural mix (English, Irish, American, German, Polish) of Head Trader Wendy Foley's (played by Joanna Phillips-Lane) group of staff is balanced with their own distinctive mannerisms, interests and personalities which helps to make the rather unfamiliar and, to most people, seemingly sterile subject of financial trading reasonably engaging through the engaging performances of the cast.
In fact this seemingly dynamic young team of employees is in direct contrast to the rather staid and old-fashioned senior management of Shane Longman as represented by Lee Wolf (Richard Le Parmentier) and James Farrell (Denys Hawthorne).
I suspect that such an unconventional way of working as employed by Wendy's team would not have become a reality had it not been for youthful reclusive 'free spirit' Peter Longman inheriting his thirty per cent stock in the company from his father and allowed a more trendy, relaxed modern way of business become a reality.
To a certain degree Wendy's (I am led to believe) immediate supervisor Leonard Ansen (John Bowe) follows the establishment in the traditional manner of running the company however his fondness for Wendy rather sees him occupying the 'middle ground' on most occasions.
The main interest in the series, I believe, stems from the simmering romantic attraction between Douglas Hodge's Declan and the cool self-assured blonde haired German trader Michelle Hauptmann (played by Trevyn McDowell) which had viewers continually wondering if the situation between these two colleagues would develop beyond the close friendship/fondness that they undoubted have.Looking forward to browsing through this title, and hopefully the second season of thirteen won't be too far away!
.
.
.
or type on a computer keyboard, they'd probably give this eponymous film a rating of "10."
After all, no elephants are shown being killed during the movie; it is not even implied that any are hurt.
To the contrary, the master of ELEPHANT WALK, John Wiley (Peter Finch), complains that he cannot shoot any of the pachyderms--no matter how menacing--without a permit from the government (and his tone suggests such permits are not within the realm of probability).
Furthermore, the elements conspire--in the form of an unusual drought and a human cholera epidemic--to leave the Wiley plantation house vulnerable to total destruction by the Elephant People (as the natives dub them) to close the story.
If you happen to see the current release EARTH, you'll detect the Elephant People are faring less well today.
This is probably my favorite movie of all time.
It is perfection in its storytelling.
It will break your heart not because it's over sentimental but because you will truly feel every emotion these characters go through.
You feel for Doggie because of the hopeless situation that existed for young girls in China at that time.
Dominion Tank Police is without a shell of a doubt, one of the most amazing shows ever produced, but not just in the field of animation.
While the first part (Acts 1 and 2) mostly consists of action and fun, the second part is more serious and one should not treat the second part in the exact same way as first part.
The subtleties are truly out of this world and the characterization is beyond brilliant.
You must have an extra degree of intelligence to appreciate the intricacies of the second Part (Acts-3 and 4).
I do have some complaints though.
In the first part, the Tank Bonaparte quite literally jumps over a tank shell and it did not make any sense at all.
One might also question the plausibility of Bonaparte jumping on the wing of Helicopter Gunship even though it was cool.
Buaku rules.
SPOILERS THROUGH: I really am in the minority on this one but I liked this movie.
It's not a classic but it's definitely involving and quite an adrenalin fueled ride.
I definitely thought it was worth at least a 7 rating.Perhaps the reason I liked it is because I haven't seen the original.Something tells me that with a movie like this it's strongest fans will be the people who have not seen the original version and thus, have little to compare it to.
This was not a masterpiece but I did get into it quite a lot and it actually made me want to see the original.There were a few things I liked about it.
One was the casting of Kowalkski.
Viggo Mortenson was superb and really brought a lot of charisma to the role.
Since the bulk of the movie fell on his shoulders, he really needed to be excellent and he was.
This was a great role for him.Another interesting thing about Vansishing Point was the fact that it's made for television.
I had no idea this was the case when watching it.
It sure seemed like a major motion picture and I would never have guessed this was not a big screen release.I also found the story to be very absorbing.
I'm not one for action movies but I got sucked into this.
Plus it was a lot more then an action movie in that there was drama, mysticism, a love story, quirky people every which way you turned.
(I didn't even recognize Priestly.)
And it was touching.
This was not a great movie but it is watchable.And then there's the ending.
It packs a strong punch and if one's been involved in the story up to that point, it's very difficult not to be transfixed at the very end.
I am not sure how I feel about the ending.
The implication was that Kowalkski survived and though I'm highly skeptical of HOW that would be possible, it is a movie and realism isn't an ingredient that's always in the mix when making a movie.So I'd have to say I found the end incredibly unrealistic but very touching in a manipulative kind of way, which I don't usually like but for some reason, is almost forgivable in this movie.
Admittedly, a lot of things were just props for the plot(could the villains have been anymore stereotypical?)
But the makers got a lot right even if they got many things wrong as well.
However, having said that, I will admit I can understand why someone who's a major fan of the original would hate this version because, though I have not seen the original, I have seen many original movies I loved being remade with terrible results.
(My big dislike is actually sequels.)
But I can understand the low ratings if the original is of that high a quality.People have compared this to Smoky and the Bandit.
How about a road version of "Legends Of The Fall" meets "Thelma and Louese" as well?
I sure felt touches of both films(both of which I'm a fan of.)
I do not think however, that this was a great film.
It was better then average to me but far from great.
But it was an absorbing, adrenalin fueled, touching movie with excellent casting of the main character.
My vote is 7 of 10.
I agree that Capital City should be on DVD.
I watched this show only by accident in 1994 and fell in love with Rolf Saxon as Hudson Talbot.
It was nice to see Americans who work abroad in London in the financial industry for a change.
I loved Rolf in this role and loved every other role that he has been in.
I can't believe the show only lasted 13 episodes.
I liked William Armstrong as Hudson's flamboyant charming friend in the series.
When they aired this show in the New York City area, it was always late at night or at off times.
The show is less than an hour long.
I felt this show should have gone on longer but the casting changes in the second season really made the show a little less interesting.
I didn't care for Sylvia but missed the actress, Julia Phillips-Lane in the previous season.
I felt this show took chances and often it worked.
It showed Americans who loved and chose to live in London.
The American characters were not arrogant or tried to outdo their British counterparts.
I also liked the fact that they had tried to internationalize the cast rather than make them all British.
I liked watching Julia Ormond in an early role.
I felt this show should have lasted longer.
I felt at times that the previews lasted as long as the show in less than an hour.
They could have transferred the cast to New York City and it would have been a hit in America.
This is a superb movie, suitable for all but the very youngest, though accessibility for younger people was marred (at least in the print which I saw) by the use of some unfortunate choice of English sub-titling!
For much of the film it is almost impossible to guess in which time-period it is set - there is no modern technology shown, not even the ubiquitous Chinese bicycle, just a drab, almost monochrome, everyday life, against which is contrasted the dazzling display of the Sezuan Opera and of celebratory fireworks.
Even when a group of soldiers refer to their imminent departure for a theatre of war, this could still be any time in the past 150 years.But then we briefly see a motor car - late 30s, early 40s style - and we realise that we are watching a China on the verge of huge upheavals, and that much of the world we are seeing is about to be swept away in the cataclysm of World War 2 and the Communist revolution.Which makes the central character's desire to adhere to old customs and traditions all the more poignant.But the film also raises issues which are of vital importance even today, both within China and in other parts of the world: the inequality between boys and girls, men and women; the trade, for various purposes, in young children; corruption in society; injustice; the importance of friendship.Maybe I'm reading too much into this film; but I don't think so!
I also think that it is a scandal that films of this calibre are often not shown in the United Kingdom, whilst dross is passed off as quality material.But don't get me started on that...
Okay, sorry, but I loved this movie.
I just love the whole 80's genre of these kind of movies, because you don't see many like this one anymore!
I want to ask all of you people who say this movie is just a rip-off, or a cheesy imitation, what is it imitating?
I've never seen another movie like this one, well, not horror anyway.Basically its about the popular group in school, who like to make everyones lives living hell, so they decided to pick on this nerdy boy named Marty.
It turns fatal when he really gets hurt from one of their little pranks.So, its like 10 years later, and the group of friends who hurt Marty start getting High School reunion letters.
But...they are the only ones receiving them!
So they return back to the old school, and one by one get knocked off by.......Yeah you probably know what happens!The only part that disappointed me was the very end.
It could have been left off, or thought out better.I think you should give it a try, and try not to be to critical!~*~CupidGrl~*~
This is how movies are supposed to be made: a fascinating setting; characters about whom you come to care deeply; writing and editing that move the plot efficiently and build suspense.
This is a wonderful film -- deeply moving without being sentimental.
Highly recommended.
I must give How She Move a near-perfect rating because the content is truly great.
As a previous reviewer commented, I have no idea how this film has found itself in IMDBs bottom 100 list!
That's absolutely ridiculous!
Other films--particular those that share the dance theme--can't hold a candle to this one in terms of its combination of top-notch, believable acting, and amazing dance routines.From start to finish the underlying story (this is not just about winning a competition) is very easy to delve into, and surprisingly realistic.
None of the main characters in this are 2-dimensional by any means and, by the end of the film, it's very easy to feel emotionally invested in them.
(And, even if you're not the crying type, you might get a little weepy-eyed before the credits roll.)
I definitely recommend this film to dance-lovers and, even more so, to those who can appreciate a poignant and well-acted storyline.
How She Move isn't perfect of course (what film is?
), but it's definitely a cut above movies that use pretty faces to hide a half-baked plot and/or characters who lack substance.
The actors and settings in this film make for a very realistic ride that is equally enthralling thanks to the amazing talent of the dancers!
Albuquerque is a film that has all the elements of a class A western, except one: the story, that really belongs to a class B or C. That was acceptable at the time the film was made, when people were so thrilled to see a western in color, but nowadays it just looks very primitive.
Nonetheless for people who enjoy old westerns, it is entertaining, the original color and sound are very well kept on the DVD that recently came out.
Gabby Hayes is a good sidekick, Lon Chaney is mean as always, and Randolph Scott a bit more cheerful than usual.
In a film named Albuquerque you would expect to see something that would remind you of the city, but the town that is shown here could be just anywhere.
I can't stand it when people go see a movie when they know they won't like it.
My mom likes violent movies, so why did she see it?
She rated it just to bring down the rating.
So I know that's why it didn't have a higher rating.
I give it a 6/10
I originally caught this back in 1996 in its one week run at a movie theatre.
I was under impressed by it and my feelings haven't much changed.Documentary about the infamous Edward D. Wood Jr. covering his life and movies.
There are interviews with people who worked with him or knew him.
They include: Vampira, Dolores Fuller, Bela Lugosi Jr., Loretta King, Gregory Walcott and Paul Marco.
Interviews are mixed with clips from the movies or some bizarre recreations.
It is interesting (somewhat) but was this really needed?
I've seen all of Wood's films and they're just terrible.
Wood had ambitions but not a bit of talent to carry them out.
I wouldn't say he was the worst director ever but he's down there.
Do we really need a docu on a very mediocre film maker?
I do like the fact that they didn't try to make Wood out to be some sort of saint.
More than a few of those interviewed (especially Lugosi Jr.) pretty much hated the man and it comes through loud and clear.
Also they totally ignore his films in the adult film industry in the 1960s and 70s.
Still it's of interest if you're a Wood fan.
The best interviews are with Vampira (who tears Wood apart) and Dolores Fuller (a long time girlfriend).
After a slow beginning, BRUCE ALMIGHTY is a very funny film that had something positive to say.
It wasn't one of Jim Carrey's best performances, but he was still OK. Morgan Freeman was just right as God.
Jennifer Aniston had some good moments.
I miss Steve Correll on "THE DAILY SHOW!
"I like director Tom Shadyac's choices of movies.
He also did LIAR LIAR, PATCH ADAMS, and THE NUTTY PROFESSOR.
In all three of those and in Bruce Almighty, he takes a big comedy star and tells a human story with him.
A director who knows comedy, can get the talent he gets, and can tell a meaningful and intelligent story with it is hard to find.My biggest complaint is that they should have used more biblical references.
I only remember three specific biblical references and they were the three funniest parts of the whole movie.
My guess is that the first few drafts of the screenplay had more biblical references, but they were cut out because the producers were afraid of offending people.
That's too bad because I thought it was a missed opportunity.My Grade:7 out of 10
This film has renewed my interest in French cinema.
The story is enchanting, the acting is flawless and Audrey Tautou is absolutely beautiful.
I imagine that we will be seeing a lot more of her in the States after her upcoming role in Amelie.
Plenty has been written about Mamet's "The House of Games"; most of it good.
I decided to revisit the flick to see how it held up after 17 years and was surprised at how much I enjoyed viewing it again.
The film's success and durability probably has much to do with two principal ingredients which are always fun on film; a good story and a good scam.
Mamet manages to bring his signature moodiness and obvious histrionics to the film while scamming us, the audience, and the mark simultaneously.
Then he explains the art of conning only to do it again, etc.
all the while building the story.
"The House of Games", now a freebie on cable, is worth a look for first timers and an okay rerun for Mamet fans.
(B+)
You know how Star Trek fans flocked to all the Star Trek movies, even the really bad ones?
Why?
To see their heroes in action one more time.
That's the way I feel about Doc Savage.
I am a major fanatic for the character, and the prospect of seeing Doc and his crew in an adventure was overwhelming.
And the first 20 minutes of the film only heightened that feeling of anticipation.
Then they decided to crib elements from a number of Doc adventures and throw them into this one movie, resulting in a somewhat disjointed film.
There's a lot of promise in here, diluted by a number of unfortunate choices (the music, the "camp" elements, etc.)
But the spirit of Doc is there, and that's what those of us familiar with Doc and his crew respond to.
So, in my long-winded way, what I'm trying to say is that this is not a bad movie: it's just not as good as it should have been.
And anyone who is a fan of Superman, James Bond, Indiana Jones, Buckaroo Banzai, and many other characters ought to check this movie out just to become familiar with the hero who provided inspiration for them all.
Shinjuku Triad Society, albeit from perfect, is a fiercely compelling film for what it tries to depict in its uber-conventional realm.
It's a yakuza/triad picture, involving cops versus Japanese &/or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title suggests), but already even in his first technical 'debut', Takashi Miike is already establishing many aspects to films that he would make from here-on in.
Social issues like black market trading of precious goods, in this case human organs usually from children; nostalgia for childhood and one's roots, which was especially prevalent in Dead or Alive 2; thumbing-of-the-nose at taboos like gay sex and (satirical) rape/violence towards women; blood-curdling violence.
It's certainly not as surreal as some of Miike's most recent films, but this is expected as he's trying out things that he's just starting to learn, following a track record of straight to video programmers.
It's got all of those qualities, and it's also, like the films that would follow from it, equally savage and heartfelt, crazy (in spots) and sardonic in its drama, and solid for genre fans.The story concerns two brothers, one a Chinese orphan raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, pretty decent as a Eastwood-esquire anti-hero/hero), who's become a detective, and another, who's become a gangster, or a would-be one.
The main arch likely takeover gang comes from Wang (a definite pun on what the gang represents during its spare-time, played by Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who's threatening even when just repeating a commandment over and over to a woman who's just had her eye plugged out following a sour deal), who are the ruthless kind to pop up almost organically in a Miike movie.
There's some intrigue involving the organ-trading scheme with the gangsters, which Kiriya almost becomes a victim of, and the gang's penchant for gay sex- at least with one little puppet of sorts who does whatever the main gangsters want.
It all leads up to vengeance and redemption, qualities that Miike and his writer are trying to emulate from Shakespeare (hence the Macbeth bit with Wang washing his bloody hangs over and over after some gay sex saying "it won't come off").If it doesn't add up to the same emotional level of impact that a great Shakespeare play would have, it's par for the course of a film like this.
Miike's goals are met, though just met, in his low-scale ambitions: a gangster picture with some added levels of harsh familial trouble (the main tension between the brothers comes out of profession and duty to parents), notes on the crueler aspects of underworld crime, and what the realm of unrepentant sex, with both sexes, brings out psychologically in the characters.
At the same time, Shinjuku Triad Society also contains more than a few moments of classic biting black-comedy from the Miike oeuvre.
Some of it just has to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his outrageousness, like the bit at the beginning with the chair smashing over the face, or the randomness of the "interrogation" as it goes into a very twisted area.
There's even a laugh-out-loud line from the young sex-slave after finishing an act on one of the bosses: "Thank you, Mr.
Weeny-Burger."
Miike and his writer don't have enough here to make the film a full-on dark comedy like Ichi or, of course, Visitor Q, but there's enough to bring some appropriate levity to the darker aspects to the story and characters.As the first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, as it's called, I was quite impressed, and it's a fine quasi-calling card from one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema.
If you are a traveller, if there is a fire burning into your heart, if you'd call "home" every place on earth, but none of them can give you enough, if you are always looking for the next thing and if you believe the other part of your soul is somewhere out there, see this movie and you'll find out a little, but wonderful, piece of life sitting next to you.
Made after QUARTET was, TRIO continued the quality of the earlier film versions of the short stories by Maugham.
Here the three stories are THE VERGER, MR. KNOW-IT-ALL, and SANITORIUM.
The first two are comic (THE VERGER is like a prolonged joke, but one with a good pay-off), and the last more serious (as health issues are involved).
Again the author introduces the film and the stories.James Hayter, soon to have his signature role as Samuel Pickwick, is the hero in THE VERGER.
He holds this small custodial-type job in a church, but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob.
When he hears Hayter has no schooling he fires him.
Hayter has saved some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) he fancies buying a small news and tobacco shop.
He has a good eye, and his store thrives.
Soon he has a whole chain of stores.
When his grandchild is christened by Hordern, the latter is amazed to see how prosperous his ex-Verger.
The payoff is when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets with Hayter about diversifying his investments.
I'll leave it to you to hear the unintentional but ironic coda of the meeting.According to Maugham he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise.
In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a splashy, friendly, and slightly overbearing type from the Middle East who is on a business trip (regarding jewelry) by steamship.
His state-room mate is Mr. Grey (the ever quiet and proper Wilfred Hyde-White) who is somewhat, silently disapproving of Max.
Max likes to enliven things, and soon is heavily involved in the ship's entertainment.
At this point the story actually resembles part of the plot of the non-Maugham story and film CHINA SEAS (1935), as Max makes a bet that he can tell a real piece of jewelry from a fake (after insisting that a piece of jewelry he spotted is real).
I won't describe the way Max rises to the occasion.SANITORIUM is the longest segment.
Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (the fictional alter-ego of Maugham - a writer and one time spy as in Hitchcock's THE SECRET AGENT).
Here he has to use a sanitorium for a couple of months for his health.
He finds a remarkable crew of people, including Jean Simmons as a frail but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as an irascible Scotsman, John Laurie as a second irascible Scotsman who is "at war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient who only shows his internal anger at his situation when his wife shows up, and Michael Rennie as a young man who has a serious life threatening illness.
Culver watches as three stories among these characters play out to their conclusions.
The last, dealing with Simmons and Rennie, is ironic but deeply moving.It was a dandy follow-up to the earlier QUARTET, and well worth watching.
Even though this movie came out a year before I was born, it is definetely one of my favorite comedies.
It stars Redd Foxx as a father who tries to understand his son's homosexuality.
Like most parents, he doesn't know a thing about what it means to be gay and has all of these stereotypical notions of what gay people are like.
His son, Norman, is now grown up and living on his own.
When his father, Ben, finds out that his son is gay, he pays his son a visit in hopes of changing him.
The title comes from one of the funniest lines in the movie--when Ben gets to Norman's apartments he runs into a female prostitute and thinks it's his son in drag ("Norman... Is that you?").
The movie had me laughing from start to finish.
Redd Foxx is great.
Although a lot of the content is stereotypical, I didn't find anything offensive about the way the material was handled, and it even has a good ending.
Highly recommended.
Well its about time.
I had really given up any and all hope that there was going to be a standout episode among this season's entries.
While there have still been far too many drab to hohum entries, at least this episode turned out well.
Its rather funny that director Rob Schmidt who only has the not bad Wrong Turn to his credit and writer John Esposito whose only scripting chores to date have included Tale Of The Mummy and Graveyard Shift should be the ones to give us the best written and most thought provoking episode of the season.
In "Right To Die" we are treated to the story of Cliff and Abbey.
At the start of the episode the couple are having a conversation.
Abbey has caught Cliff cheating and he is desperately trying to win her back.
While they speak, they find themselves in a car accident where Cliff is left with only scratches and bruises, but Abbey is thrown from the car and catches on fire when a spark ignites and gasoline that had dripped onto her catches her on fire.
And this is just the setup people.
Once in the hospital Cliff must decide whether or not Abbey should live in this state with no skin and only nerve reflexes.
There's also a side effect too.
Every time she flatlines, Abbey goes a walking as a ghost and causes trouble for all sorts of people.
Hands down this is the best episode of the season and certainly ranks as one of the top episodes ever.
From the gruesome effects to the taut script which threw in a few twists I never saw coming and suspense so palpable you can almost touch it, Right To Die should have the right to go on living forever.
I was all ready to pan this episode, seeing that this 'Master' really doesn't have any horror films under his belt.. but this is easily the best episode of the season.The acting was good!!
I don't know how he wrangled it, but we've got some real talent in this episode!
And while you could see things coming from a mile away plot wise, at least it was entertaining and managed to keep me engaged for the full 56 mins, something that has been lacking up to this point in the series.I especially liked the bit at the end, not a twist per say, but just a funny little bit where he becomes, as ever, the hen-pecked hubby.Really good effort.
Like I've said in other reviews- these are not true masters doing a lot of these episodes.. but they may someday end up being masters in the future.
I'm not entirely sure Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "Master" in the genre of horror, since he previously just directed one horror film called "Wrong Turn" and that one was actually just was slightly above mediocre, but fact is that he made with "Right to Die" one of the best and creepiest episodes of the entire second season of the "Masters of Horror" franchise.
There was a similar underdog story in season one, when William Malone made on of the best episodes with "The Fair Haired Child" even though his other long feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" sucked pretty badly.The story of "Right to Die" cleverly picks in on the nowadays piping hot social debate of euthanasia, but thankfully also features multiple old-fashioned horror themes like ghostly vengeance, murderous conspiracies, pitch black humor and comic book styled violence.
Whilst driving home late one night and discussing the husband's continuous adultery, the Addison couple are involved in a terrible car accident.
Cliff walks away from the wreck unharmed but his wife Abby is fully burned and needs to be kept alive artificially.
Whilst Cliff and his sleazy attorney (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") want to plug the plug on her and sue the car constructor, Abbey's mum sets up a giant media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blame everything on Cliff.
Meanwhile Abbey's hateful spirit comes back for revenge and kills someone in Cliff's surrounding whenever she has a near fatal experience with the medical devices.
After a few victims, Cliff realizes it might be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to remain alive as well.
"Right to Die" is a stupendous episode and exactly the type of stuff I always hoped to see from a TV-series concept like "Masters of Horror".
It's violent and gory with a sick & twisted sense of humor and loads of sleaze sequences.
The euthanasia theme and the whole obligatory media circus that surrounds it is processed into the script very well, yet without unnecessarily reverting to political standpoints or morality lessons.
The atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling.
Actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney both have pretty face and impressively voluptuous racks, which is always a welcome plus, and Corbin Bernsen is finally offered the chance again to depict a mean-spirited and egocentric bastard.
Great "MoH" episode; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
I grew up with this as my all-time favorite film.
The special effects are incredible for the era, and won awards.
I can remember the dialogue as if I'd heard it yesterday.
It is simply a great, timeless adventure.
The music is by Miklos Rosza, who is cinema history's best.
Sabu is the Thief.
Conrad Veidt is the grand villain.
I have a copy within reach, for the next trip down memory lane.
Whoa there!
Rex Ingram wants out of his genii bottle!
Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie!
Panaghoy sa Suba is very good -- it has the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that will make you laugh.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something cool, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's best Pinoy movies.Go watch this!
Why did it sound like the husband kept calling her Appy ?
It ruined a great episode and so I can only give it a 6.
Proper grammar and pronunciation are essential to a film.It was very Hellraiser what with all the skin ripping though I dunno how anyone can survive without skin the skin is a vital organ to the body the biggest organ actually and without we would die.
The more a horror film is true the more creepy it can be and more entertaining.I do admit though that the stories from the great horror directors are very disappointing and very mediocre.
6/10 come on Yankies get your English up to par !
I managed to catch a late night double feature last night of "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and saw both films in a row, without really having the chance to catch my breath in between or ponder on the meaning of each film separately.
After sleeping it over, I have to say that I largely prefer the former over the latter, and I shall explain why.Before Sunrise introduces us with then young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets Society), only 25 at the time of the film's release; and Julie Delpy (the Three Colors trilogy), then 26 (although looking much younger).
He is a promiscuous American writer, touring Europe after breaking up with his girlfriend; She is a young French student, on her way home to Paris.
They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decide to get off the train together.
The two deeply spiritual and intellectual individuals than spend a whole night together walking the beautifully captured streets of Vienna, exchanging ideals and thoughts and gradually falling on love.The film has 1990's written all over it: back then, technology was leaping rapidly, the new millennium with all it's hopes and dreams was waiting just around the corner, and young adults like the ones depicted in the film were filled with love of life and passion for the future.
The characters of Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their flaws and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, if by mistake or on purpose, was half American-half French, and it swinged from one spectrum to the other, breaking the character's credibility), were a mirror of the time.
Watching the naive couple swallow life with such meaning and excitement, acting all clichéd and romantic yet managing to have the audience fall for them as well, is what really made this movie work for me.
The fact that the director doesn't let you know if their relationship continues after the film or not makes it all even more worth while.All in all, Sunrise is a dreamy stroll through the urban landscapes of Vienna, a well told classical romantic rendezvous, and a film I will definitely return to for further insight sometime in the future.
What was there about 1939 that helped produce so many excellent Hollywood films?
Well, whatever it was, the magic may also be found in this Columbia picture.
It's a long forgotten screwball comedy that Turner Classic Movies has begun to show.
(Maltin's movie book does not contain it.)
In nearly every department, Amazing Mr. Williams is a jewel.It's the story of a first-rate police detective who can never find the time to marry his intended.
As the wedding bells are about to ring, he gets called to the scene of a murder.
The lady in question has to learn the hard way not only to enjoy the pursuit of criminals but to belong to the police force.
There are a lot of laughs in the process.Melvyn Douglas proved again that he had few peers in light comedy.
Joan Blondell was at the peak of her career and is a delight.
Edward Brophy and Donald McBride are hilarious.The film goes on a bit too long, but who cares?
The screwball comedies are always able to entertain, and this film belongs right in there with the best.
Super Mario 64 is undoubtedly the greatest game ever created.
It is so addicting that you could play it for hours upon hours without stopping for a break.
I've beaten the game 4 times, but I've never gotten all 120 stars...(I've gotten 111)...but I hope to achieve them eventually.
Even though I didn't officially play this game until I was seven in, I loved watching my sisters play it.
Now I am 13 and still play this, erasing games and starting over again.The graphics are unbelievable for an early N64 game.
The gameplay is addictive.
The controls are great.
The levels are tough, but not impossible.
The Bowser fights are challenging.I would like to tell you more, but why don't you just get it for yourself?
Put the X-BOX 360, PS3, and the Wii away and go find yourself a Nintendo 64 and play this amazing, wonderful game.
David Mamet wrote the screenplay and made his directorial debut with `House of Games,' a character study fraught with psychological overtones, in which a psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of the confidence game.
Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and has written a best-selling novel, 'Driven.'
Still, she is somewhat discontented with her own personal life; there's an emptiness she can neither define nor resolve, and it primes her vulnerability.
When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), confides to her during a session that he owes big money to some gamblers, and that they're going to kill him if he doesn't pay, she decides to intervene on his behalf.
This takes her to the `House of Games,' a seedy little dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic con-man who wastes no time before enticing her into his world.
Instead of the `twenty-five large' that Billy claimed he owed, Mike shows her his book, and it turns out to be eight hundred dollars.
And Mike agrees to wipe the slate clean, if she'll agree to do him one simple favor, which involves a card game he has going on in the back room.
In the middle of a big hand, Mike is going to leave the room for a few minutes; while he is gone, her job is to watch for the `tell' of one of the other players.
By this time, not only Margaret, but the audience, as well, is hooked.
The dialogue, and Mamet's unique style and the precise cadence with which his actors deliver their lines, is mesmerizing.
As Mike leads Margaret through his compelling, surreal realm of existence, and introduces her to the intricacies of the con game, we are swept right along with her.
From that first memorable encounter, when he demonstrates what a `tell' is and how it works, to the lessons of the `short con,' to the stunning climax of this film, Mamet keeps the con going with an urgency that is relentless.
And nothing is what it seems.
In the end, Margaret learns some hard lessons about life and human nature, and about herself.
She changes; and whether or not it's for the better is open to speculation.
Mantegna is absolutely riveting in this film; he lends every nuance possible to a complex character who must be able to lead you willingly into the shadows, and does.
Crouse also turns in an outstanding performance here; you feel the rigid, up-tight turmoil roiling beneath that calm, self-assured exterior, and when her experiences with Mike induce the change in her, she makes you feel how deeply it has penetrated.
She makes you believe that she is capable of what she does, and makes you understand it, as well.
The dynamic supporting cast includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T.
Walsh (The Businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran).
`House of Games' is the quintessential Mamet; he's written and directed a number of high-caliber plays and films since, and will no doubt grace us with more in the future.
But this film will be the one that defines him; and you can go to the dictionary and look it up.
You'll find it under `Perfection.'
This is one great movie you do not want to miss.
I rate this one 10/10.
This is one of the best episode from the second season of MOH, I think Mick Garris has a problem with women...
He kill'em all, they are often the victims (Screwfly solution, Pro-life, Valerie on the stairs, I don't remember the Argento's episode in season 1, etc., obviously Imprint).
I think he enjoys to watch women been burn, torture, mutilated and I don't know.
Never least "Right to die" is one of the best, with good turns and graphic scenes and suspense (specially with the photos from the cell scene, wonderful).
The acting is like the entire series, regular I could be worst like "Pro-life" or "We scream for Ice cream".
Also I think the plot it could be made for a movie and not just for an episode.
The ideology of the series is horrible, killing and terminating women, mutilating animals and on and on... the first season it was better than the second one with episodes like "Cigarrette burns" (The best of all), "Homecoming" (The most funny), "Imprint" (really shocking).
Most people miss Hollywood's point of concept.
If a hero can stimulate heroic deeds to the mind of a child, within the confines of the law then I, approve of the lessons being taught by Doc Savage.In all times of conflict or war, the public and government look for heroes to decorate.
The motion picture industry brings heroes to the screen for people to identify with - such as Doc Savage, James Bond, Superman, Batman, Spiderman and others.
Doc Savage is remembered by more than one generation as being the 'best of the best' before James Bond, Superman or any of the others.
All others that follow Doc Savage are only a part of the character, not the 'Man of Bronze'.
I was amazingly impressed by this movie.
It contained fundamental elements of depression, grief, loneliness, despair, hope, dreams and companionship.
It wasn't merely about a genius musician who hit rock bottom but it was about a man caught up in grief trying drastically to find solace within his music.
He finds a companion who comes with her own issues.
Claire and Des were able to provide each other with friendship and love but more importantly a conclusion to events which had shaped their life for the worst.
Des is an unlikely character by todays standards of a rock star.
Yet he has musical genius.
He also has an event in his past that has made him stagnate, while things around him literally go to ruins.
His focus is creating his Whale Music, in fact it becomes an obsession for him.Claire is the streetwise kid that needs a place to stay.
She finds hidden talents while being in Des company.
She also finds a mutual friend that accepts her.
She learns to trust him over a period of time.These two find love with one another.
Not the mind blowing, sex infused kind of passion, but a love where friendship and understanding means more.
For two people who have been hurt, they find trust together.
Opening the film with a Bach Toccata is an aural hint of what is to unfold in this intense drama.
All the compositional devices Bach perfected to keep his listener (and the performer) intrigued and entertained applies to this film.
There isn't a mutual tenderness between the two lead characters and the lead female in the final scene I feel is justified in stating she was raped even though her victimizer feels she was forewarned that he was a cad.
Mamet compellingly explores the emotional chasm and differences between the genders but I feel he is clueless about how they actually compliment one another given a healthy sense of humor.
If Mamet ever developed a healthy humorous take on the interaction between the genders I wonder how this work would have ended?
As it exists it is very somber and mean spirited.
Delightful minor film, juggling comedy and detective, romance and drama genres as nimbly as Lt Kenny Williams (Melvyn Douglas) balances his devotion to his girl Maxine Carroll (Joan Blondell) and his duty to the force as an ace detective.This hodge-podge may not appeal to all viewers today, but in its day, it had something to offer every member of the movie-going family, and the resolution to the rather tired feeling-versus-duty plot is original and refreshing, and well worth the wait.
"The Amazing Mr. Williams" contains what must be among the most outrageous blind dates in film history, and its bright comic repartee sparkles.
Ludicrously frocked, Melvyn Douglas delivers some of the best lines: "I'd walk down Main Street in a Turkish towel before I'd let any woman control my life!"
And the effervescent Joan Blondell lets her barbs fly with typical aplomb: "Good grief!
You look like my Aunt Nellie!'
The crime-solving here is standard fare, although a fine cast of character actors helps bring the material to life.
From today's vantage point, "The Amazing Mr. Williams" is perhaps most interesting for its insightful commentary on gender as a socially defined construct, all the more malleable for its seemingly rigid boundaries.
While much of the gender commentary takes place in a superficial battle of the sexes, at times it is both subtle and penetrating, playing out not only in some of the finer details of the film, but in the battle of genres that reaches its culmination in the final scene.
Religious bigotry is rampant everywhere.
Australia is not immune to it.A dingo snatched a baby and the mother was tried and sent to prison for having "killed" her own baby.
I don't mean to spoil the story for you, but you need to know the basics before getting knee-deep in what caused this woman to find herself inside a prison.Buy or rent the movie and discover how deep-seated human hatred of those who are different continues to thrive around the globe.This is a very moving motion picture with a terrific cast of actors.Both Meryl Streep (with her famous Aussie accent) and Sam Neill, whose accent is his native-born pronunciation, are outstanding.
Those with supporting roles are also quite good.You will remember this movie for many years.See it!
Most people who chase after movies featuring Audrey Tautou seem to not understand that Amelie was a character - it is not really Audrey Tautou's real life personality, hence, every movie she partakes in is not going to be Amelie part 2, part 3, etc.Now with that said, I too picked up this movie simply because Audrey was in it.
Yes, it's true, there is a big gap after the first scene where she isn't seen at all for maybe 45 min, but I didn't even miss her because I was having so much fun with the other characters.
The guy who lies about everything is too funny, the guy who justifies people who run out of his cafe and skip out on the bill by finding coupons and such which balance out the loss, actually.... getting into all the characters here could take quite a while, but this is one of the best movies I've seen in a while.Audrey Tautou's character Irene is not the overdone sugary girl that Amelie was.
In fact, as Irene, her rudeness to a bum asking for change caught me off guard at first.
In this film, Irene is a girl with good intentions, but over the course of a (very awful) day, her disposition becomes more and more sour and pessimistic.What makes this film completely great is you have all these really interesting stories and plots building... very entertaining to watch, great scenery and shots, very colorful and never too slow, and all of the characters can actually act.
The best part of the movie comes with about 20 minutes left.... this is when all of the plots start to mesh together and the ride really picks up and everything ties together and makes sense, and the whole butterfly effect blossoms.
I swear, it was the best 20 minutes of film I've seen in quite a while, and the ending....
It made me think "damn I really lucked out finding this movie".
The ending to this movie is top notch.
Whoever wrote the script for this is brilliant, because not only are there all these other subplots going on, but to somehow make them all tie in together (and in a sensible manner, which is the case here) but also to make each character feel human and come alive, not just some stale persona used as a crutch to build up this whole butterfly effect... very impressive.I highly suggest this movie as it's a great film to watch anytime, in any mood, with any company or alone.
Fans of the HBO series "Tales From the Crypt" are going to love this MOH episode.
Those who know the basic archetypal stories that most of the classic EC comics were based on, will recognize this one right off the bat.Underrated indie favorite Martin Donovan (also an excellent writer - co-author of the screenplays for APARTMENT ZERO and DEATH BECOMES HER) is the kind of guy whose everyman good looks can go either way.
He could play a really nice if misunderstood guy-next-door, or he can play the same role with a creepy undertone of corrosive sleaziness.
In the case of RIGHT TO DIE, he takes the latter approach, and it definitely works.Donovan is a doctor who has recently had an affair with his slutty office receptionist (Robin Sydney), much to the displeasure of his inconsolable, unforgiving spouse, Abbey (Julia Anderson).
When the two of them get involved in a terrible car accident while returning from an unsuccessful weekend of "making up," and she's horribly burned in a fire, he's reluctant to pull the plug on her, not without some enthusiastic nudging from his even sleazier lawyer and best buddy (Corbin Bernsen, looking the worse for wear these days.)
But Abbey's never been one to give up without a fight, and that's where the EC-theme of the episode comes in.
Cuckolded husbands - and wives - have always been the genre's favorite subject matter for some spooky (and OOKY) supernatural shenanigans, and this case is definitely no exception.
If anything, the ramped-up quotient of sex and gore must have Bill Gaines cackling with glee in his mausoleum somewhere.And that's not to mention that John Esposito's original script does give the adultery angle just a slight twist.
You don't realize as you're watching that you only know half the story, until close to the end...(think WHAT LIES BENEATH with more guts and gazongas, and you're there.
)Not a bad effort, but not the best of the lot, either.
At least Rob Schmidt does display touches of flair here and there with the direction, especially in a scene that makes cell phone picture messaging into a truly horrifying experience indeed!
As with most MOH episodes, this one is following a prevalent theme this season of flaying and dismemberment, so the extremely squeamish need not apply.
I do try not to take IMDb ratings to heart, but I was flabbergasted when I saw the 5.4 rating to one of my childhood favourites.
It doesn't wow me as much at 17, but as a family film this is a sweet and well meaning movie.
Kids will definitely love it and won't mind the flaws, and the adults can guess the actor behind each character and admire the subliminal messaging of the film.
None of the film was preachy in any way, in fact it has a great message that added to its sweetness.
I will admit though that the story is on the thin side, and some scenes like Screweyes's death(which still freaks me out) may be a tad on the scary side.
But the animation is well above average with nice colours and good character animation.
The music by James Horner is very beautiful, and the song featured is memorable, catchy and amusing.
I really liked the characters, Louie is probably the most in-depth of them all, but the dinosaurs were at least engaging.
Martin Short's clown was both hilarious and emphatic, the part when he tells Screweyes "I quit!"
had me in stitches.
My favourite is Screweyes though, an effective villain who is crafty and I suppose intelligent.
If anything though, I wish the film kept in the part when he explains how he lost his eye and why he is scared of crows because that way he could've been more developed in terms of depth.
The script, while not Oscar-worthy, has its funny and heart-warming parts, and should keep kids and adults entertained.
The voice acting for me was what made the movie.
John Goodman, Martin Short, Rhea Perlman, Felicity Kendall and Yeardley Smith all gave solid performances, but special mention has to go to Kenneth Mars for he was absolutely superb as Screweyes and almost unrecognisable.
All in all, this is a good movie.
I don't get the rating, honestly I don't.
Sure this film isn't perfect, and it is not as good as a dinosaur movie such as Land Before Time, but it is good fun.
7.5/10 Bethany Cox
I'm grateful to Cesar Montano and his crew in reviving the once-moribund Visayan film understorey.
"Panaghoy" is hopefully the forerunner of a resurgence in this vernacular (that claims more speakers than Tagalog).
The dialect and lifestyle details are accurately reminiscent of this region of the Philippines.
Downside: the corny and stilted acting of the American antagonist.
The other item that I didn't appreciate was the lack of authenticity in the "period" costume of the same character, and above all, his bright red kit-car that I suppose was meant to pass for a 1930s roadster.
Without those small yet glaring details, "Panaghoy" would've been at least a 9 out of 10 on my rating--daghang salamat, Manoy Cesar!
Addendum: this film sure beats Peque Gallaga's "Oro, Plata, Mata", which provided a different view of the Visayas during the Second World War.
Alos, there are some parts where the cinematography harks back to Spielberg's "The Color Purple" and the storyline begins to become reminiscent of "Noli Me Tangere".
I'm a huge fan of the Dukes of Hazzard TV show.
And I really enjoyed this flick.
I enjoyed myself here a lot more than I did with other summer blockbusters.It's funny hearing people rail against this movie with excuses like "lame plot" and "it's much cruder than the show."
Does ANYONE remember the crudeness of the humor in the pilot episode?
Daisy makes incest jokes and Bo says that Luke had probably fathered half the kids in the orphanage.
The only reason it was cleaned up is because it changed to and earlier time slot.And as far as the plot goes.
It was the perfect Dukes plot.
In fact as a remake it probably stays truer to the source material than any TV show that has migrated to the big screen.While Sean William Scott and Johnny Knoxville aren't EXACTLY like their small screen versions, they do a great job and work very well together.
I wasn't too keen on Burt's Boss Hogg though.
And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe.
In the movie Roscoe is a little... scary.And who didn't have a smile on their face as the General Lee is racing through the streets of Atlanta and the back roads of Hazzard?Folks, allow yourself to enjoy a movie that is just an excuse for nostalgia, bikinis and car chases, you won't be sorry.
It's just a great dumb movie!
When I first got my N64 when I was five or six,I fell in love with it,and my first game was Super Mario 64.And I LOVED IT!The graphics were great for it's time,a good plot,great courses and above all,the best music I heard in a Nintendo game.I don't remember the plot completely,but I think Princess Peach was kidnapped by Bowser,and Mario has to rescue her.The object of the game is to get 120 stars from the curses in the castle.Each had about five or six challnges to get the stars.There are secert parts of the castle,where you can get more stars.But of course,you have beat Bowser.
*I think there are three levels to beat Bowser on* Lets start with the characters.Mario is the main character,and gets helpful advice from Toad,so he is basically one of your only alliances.I heard that Luigi and Yoshi are in the game towards the end.The main villain is Bowser,and there are a bunch of other characters like Boo and Goomba.The characters are really great.Next,how about the graphics?People say Gameplay is more important then the graphics,and I agree completely.But with he great plot,there are great graphics.Especially for it's time.I have a whole bunch of other Nintendo games like 007 and their graphics don't compare to Super Mario.Bright colors,great effects and awesome sound effects.I found the graphics in the water courses very very good.Next to the Bowser world ones,it has the best graphics in the game.Now,the music.This is my favorite part of the game.Growing up,when I played this at a young age,I'd gladly leave the game on all night so the music would put me to sleep.Especially the music from Jolly Roger Bay,which was peaceful and wonderful.There are others that are great too,especially in,once again,the worlds with Bowser,are the ones that stick with me the most and are my favorites.This game was my favorite past time as a developing gamer,and I love it.This game gets 10/10 or *****(5)/*****(5) GO PLAY THE GAME!
Mat Spirogolou's (Toby Malone) family know he is a talented footballer, and are pleased when he secures an audition to join a big club.
They hope that when he arrives in the city his cousin will look after him.But the cousins are like chalk and cheese: one a naive farm boy, the other a streetwise spendthrift who has managed to get mixed up with drug dealers and gangsters.
Mat is unlikely to have a quiet evening in before his big day.Having missed his cousin George (Damien Robertson) on arrival in the city, Mat encounters further trouble when a young biker takes him for a ride in more ways than one.Toby Malone, probably better known for his work in theatre, puts in a commendable performance as the bucolic teenager.
There are telltale signs of a low budget, but as with so many other low-budget movies there's more fun, seemingly more spontaneity, and more charm, than there is to be seen in the average Hollywood blockbuster.
While not as wild and way out as some of Takashi Miike's later films this is a very good crime drama.
The basic story is the story of a cop of Japanese cop with Chinese parents trying to take down an up and coming Chinese mobster.
Complicating things is that his younger brother is acting as the lawyer for the villain and his gang.
The film is actually much more complicated than that with several complications which both keep things interesting and distract things from the central narrative thrust.
Its this complication and loss of way about an hour into the film that makes this less than a great film.
(It is a very very good one) This is definitely worth seeing especially if you don't mind a no frantic pace.A word of warning, the violence when it happens is explosive and nasty.
There are also semi-graphic depictions of gay sex.
If thats not your cup of tea, proceed with caution.7 or 8 out of 10.
Just watched the film for the 3rd time and enjoyed Lindsay Crouse and the rest of the cast just as much as before.
It just keeps getting better and better.
You simply have to marvel at the carefully measured way of speech, the slow deliberate action, everything being exactly in place.Truly one of the great ones and definitely my all-time favourite!!
!
Lindy (Meryl Streep) and her husband Michael (Sam Neill) have just welcomed a baby girl, Azaria.
As Seventh Day Adventists, they live their beliefs every day and soon have Azaria dedicated to God at their church, with their two older boys looking on.
Michael gets a vacation and the family decides to head to Ayer's Rock, one of the most impressive tourist spots in all of Australia.
Not being wealthy, the family camps near the site.
After a wonderful first day, Lindy puts baby Azaria to sleep in one of the tents.
Suddenly, she hears Azaria crying.
As Lindy rushes to the tent, a dingo dog is just exiting, shaking his head.
The baby is gone and soon, so is the dingo.
Although the entire camp looks for the baby, she is not found.
Concluding she is dead and that the dingo made off with their beloved child, the Chamberlains struggle to accept God's decision and go on with their lives.
But, unfortunately, the story gets sensational coverage in the news media and soon the tale is circulated that Lindy murdered the baby.
She is subsequently arrested and put on trial.
How could this happen?
This is a great depiction of real events that shows how "mob rule" is not a figment of the imagination.
The entire country turns against the Chamberlains, in part because they are seen as odd.
Streep gives her best performance ever as the complex Lindy, whose own strong-willed demeanor works against her every step of the way.
Neill, likewise, does a wonderful job as the hesitant and confused Michael.
The cast is one of the largest ever, with depictions of folks around the country getting their digs into Lindy's case.
The costumes, scenery, script, direction and production are all top of the line.
If you have never seen or heard of this film, remedy that straight away.
It is not a far cry from reality to say that this "Cry" should be seen by all who care about film and about the misused power of the media.
An unqualified "10."
The level of writing and acting in this Australian movie is reminiscent of the very best of "old" Hollywood.
Sam Neill and Meryl Streep are very good together.
Neill matches Streep line for line, and take for take -- it is one of the best showcases yet of his prodigious acting talent and he is at his sexy and gorgeous best, notwithstanding the intensity of his role.
This engrossing film is a treat for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama, portrayed in the most human but unsentimental terms.
The movie -- which won several top awards in Australia -- boasts not only a superlative cast and director, but wonderful and authentic Australian locales.
It proves that people are the same the world over.
And, after all these years, people still delight in repeating the famous Streep line, accent and all: "A dingo ate moy baby!"
Including that imp "Elaine Benis" on "Seinfeld."
Wealthy psychiatrist Lindsay Crouse has just published her first novel and is feeling down about her profession feeling that it's hopeless to help her patients.
A young gambling junkie client asks her to help him pay off his debts if he truly wants to help him get better.
Here she gets involved with Joe Mantegna.
To reveal any more of the plot would spoil one hell of a fun movie and 'House of Games' may very well be the best con movie I've seen.
David Mamet wrote and directed this gem that's full of snappy dialogue, great one-liners, and enough twists to keep you guessing til the end.
Crouse is perfect as the uptight psychiatrist needing a change and Mantegna tops her as the devilishly sly con-man.
And with the exception of a coincidence in the last quarter of the movie, the film is in utter control of it's audience; and we are loving the con.
*** out of ****
what is wrong with you people, if you weren't blown away by the action car sequences and jessica Simpsons hot body then you are majorly screwed in the head.
Of course the film isn't a masterpiece, i don't think it was aiming to be.
It was fun and funny, i never watched the show when i was younger, i only recently saw one episode, and when i watched the movie, i felt it had the same kind of atmosphere.
The movie seats were practically shaking, and the car sequences were good because it didn't bore me and drag out like some of the scenes in 2fast 2furious.
and jessica Simpson is plain hot, i just wish they had used her more in the action sequences.
All in all, i had a hell of a time watching this and i would go and see it again soon and i will buy it on DVD.
People, enjoy it for what it is.
Here's another movie that should be loaded into a satellite, fired into space and pointed in the direction of the galaxy Andromeda to show distant possible civilizations the best of humanity.
This movie is so endearingly stupid and revealingly honest in being little more than a rip-off of the already bad movie classic KING KONG from 1976 that it not only manages to upstage that film in terms of sheer belly laugh idiotic goofiness, but successfully predicted much of Peter Jackson's miserable 2005 computer cartoon bearing the same name, as far as a "romance" between the giant (here a Yeti) and a gorgeous human female (Antonellina Interlenghi of Umberto Lenzi's CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD, who is very easy on the eyes).The film was made for kids so aside from some innuendo over fish bones and a bizarre nipple tweak to say goodbye you can forget about sex -- the Yeti even has a sort of giant jock strap to cover up his monstrous package, the result being even more amusing than anatomical correctness.
But as a trade-off you DO get a wacky old scientist, two inquisitive kids, Tony Kendall in a rare turn as a duplicitous bastard of a villain, a helpful intelligent collie dog who gets to have her own adventure (Dog Adventure movies were big in Europe for a while) and of course emerges as the hero at the end for saving the Yeti, who turns out to be the good guy, glorious stuff like front end loaders decorated to look like giant ape hands, a monster who's size literally changes scale from shot to shot, some inappropriately horrible deaths that will make the carnage in GODZILLA VS THE SMOG MONSTER look tame by comparison, crowd reaction shots a-plenty made up of either Spanish, Italian or Canadian extras depending upon scene (you can sort of tell where they were shooting from how the extras are dressed), and some of the most enthusiastically staged but inept special effects work ever in a giant monkey movie.It's here that the film won me over: It's enthusiasm just for being made.
Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought the world SARTANA in 1968 and GOD'S GUN the year before this & was a very important director in the Spaghetti Western and action/adventure genre film scene from the 1960's/1970's and by the time of YETI he was probably delighted to get the work.
I would say that this is his most adventuresome movie ever, or rather the one he took the most chances with, and may have felt more comfortable taking those chances with the film aimed at kids & families.
The movie has a kind of reckless abandon to the way it was made that renders the technical errors or inconsistencies totally meaningless.
Or rather they are part of the fun, and if the movie had been played seriously it wouldn't have worked -- WHICH IS EXACTLY WHY PETER JACKSON'S MOVIE SUCKED.
He forgot to have fun with the material and let it dictate the outcome using his army of stupid Power Macintosh pod people animators, and with all it's faults + clunkiness, Kramer's YETI is actually closer to the spirit of why we watch movies like this, which is partly to see actors in ape suits tearing apart miniature sets on sound stages, not seamlessly animated vapid hours of nothing other than hard drive space.
I'd rank this up there with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT!
CURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the most enjoyably improbable giant rampaging monster movies ever.
Because the movie looks so "fake" you can get over the story and just have fun watching stuff get wrecked, trampled, tossed about and smashed.
Knowing that and armed with a fertile, energetic enthusiasm for having the chance to make the movie, Parolini pulled out all the stops and delivers a full bodied adventure that might get a bit rough for some of the small tykes but is the first movie I will ever share with the grandkids someday when their stupid parents leave them with me for a weekend.
This is stuff for the ages and one of the most telling expressions of humanity to ever be committed to celluloid.10/10, it's about ten minutes too long but who cares, you only come around once and I'd rather go out with a smile on my face.
Now either you like Mr Carrey's humour or you don't.
Me, Myself and Irene had audiences both walking out in droves and, on the other hand, cheering and collapsing in puddles of mirth.
Bruce Almighty is a bit more mainstream, but you have been warned.If you're not sure, watch the trailer.
I saw the trailer three times and still laughed at the same gags when I saw the film.
If you don't find the sight of a dog putting the seat down after using the loo funny, don't bother with the movie.Carrey, a reporter stuck in a rut covering 'lighter news' berates God when the whole of his life seems to be going to pot.
God takes up the challenge and asks Carrey if he can do better.
Carrey gets into the swing of having all of God's powers by making his girlfriend (Jennifer Aniston)'s breasts bigger, getting himself promoted, and answering everyone's prayers by single stroke computer commands.This is not a highbrow movie or even that memorable, but it is very well made within it's very limited intent, provides almost continuous laughs to Carrey fans, and even any religious cheesiness is likely to be inoffensive to all but the most narrow-minded god-squadders and anti-god-squadders.On the more thoughtful level, the film tempts us to speculate about Carrey's own career - stuck in his 'comedy' typecasting he has largely failed to make an impression as a serious actor even after winning two Golden Globes.
His most accomplished 'straight' role, the Man on the Moon, is less well known that his comedy romps - or The Truman Show (on which the Academy heaped three nominations whilst bypassing Carrey).
Any story comprises a premise, characters and conflict.
Characters plotting their own play promises triumph, and a militant character readily lends oneself to this.
Ardh Satya's premise is summarized by the poem of the same name scripted by Dilip Chitre.
The line goes - "ek palde mein napunsaktha, doosre palde mein paurush, aur teek tarazu ke kaante par, ardh satya ?".
A rough translation - "The delicate balance of right & wrong ( commonly seen on the busts of blind justice in the courts ) has powerlessness on one plate and prowess on another.
Is the needle on the center a half-truth ?
"The poem is recited midway in the film by Smita Patil to Om Puri at a resturant.
It makes a deep impact on the protagonist & lays the foundation for much of the later events that follow.
At the end of the film, Om Puri ends up in exactly the same situation described so aptly in the poem.The film tries mighty hard to do a one-up on the poem.
However, Chitre's words are too powerful, and at best, the film matches up to the poem in every aspect.
A slight, charming little movie to be sure, but a superbly-crafted one.
Gwyneth Paltrow shines in this early showcase for her British accent, and the cast assembled around her all lap up the dialogue.
This came out around the time of Sense and Sensibility, and I'm sure I don't know why that one garnered all the Oscar attention.
Emma is Jane Austen's most accessible and least stuffy story, told well.
I had never heard of this film before a couple of weeks ago, but its concept interested me when I heard it: an American man meets a European woman on his last night in Europe and they spend the night together talking.
It sparked my interest, but I never expected it to be this great.
Before Sunrise is a masterpiece, and it's also one of the most romantic films on record.
To my surprise, it completely lacked the cynicism of the 1990s.
It's impossible to really talk too much about it, since there is no real plot, so to speak (although there are plenty of thoroughly interesting things you could talk about; it is sort of like My Dinner With Andre, where there is a conversation, but it's not JUST the conversation that matters), but let me just say, see it.
SEE IT!
An excellent and accurate film... McGovern takes great pains to research and document his writing and it pays off.
He is not afraid to tell the truth, even though it might draw unfavourable reviews and comments from some who like stories to be clean and sweet and glossy.Once again, McGovern brings in Christopher Eccleston, though not in as high a profile a role as he played in Hillsborough.
I found this movie as accurate, well acted and well presented as Hillsborough and I applaud McGovern for his poignant unapologetic writing.
Well done and my hat is off to the writer, the actors, the production crew.
A great film!
Faith and Mortality... viewed through the lens of an elderly Ashkenazi Jewish-American gentleman and a younger, African-American Jewish gentleman who waver between being at odds with each other and having frank talks about how their lives have unfolded over the years..Mostel's character is a tailor with chronic back problems, and a terminally ill wife; Belafonte's character is a career hustler, never settling on a regular job, and a fatal car accident leaves him in an odd Purgatory-- he must convince Mostel to renew his faith, as it has been failing along with his wife's health (and his own).. but Belafonte's Levine has his own problems, still pining for the girlfriend he left behind..Belafonte's character leaves the film before he seemingly should, and so the the ending is cryptic, and the film suffers somewhat from its ambiguous ending..This is not a 'typical' Hollywood movie on ethnic relations or about a person's crisis of faith.. it is worth watching more than once and appreciating the excellent performances of the principal actors..
I've just watched Roll and what a pleasure it turned out to be.
Toby Malone's performance really stood out, I found myself actually caring about what happens to Matt throughout the whole of the film, which itself is a lot of fun, very pacey with a good mix of well rounded characters, quite an achievement considering it's short running time.
There are plenty of good twists throughout as well, it will keep you guessing until the end.
Other characters to watch out for are the totally insane Tiny and the sneaky attractive Jesse.
It may not have the huge budget of a Hollywood blockbuster but don't let that put you off, you could do a lot worse than checking this out, you won't regret it.
Good Fun.
7/10
"The Thief of Bagdad" is impressive in the shape of the evil magician Jaffar (Conrad Veidt).
He plots with lies and magic spells to obtain the kingdom from its rightful ruler the young King Ahmad, and a gorgeous princess from her father...He falls victim in the end, as all tyrants do (in books and legends) to love and of the common man whom he ignored, here embodied by the little thief (Sabu).The armies of good and evil, black and white, are superbly realized in both visual and literary terms...The script is poetic, simply and very beautiful...
The costumes of the magician and his men rising and falling like the wings of black birds, attacking suddenly in the night to inflict destruction and create terror...The radiant hero wears white turbans and robes, and his princess is dressed in pinks and pale blues...For spectacular scenes it matched all that had gone before, while through its use of color, it brought to life a world such as had not seemed possible before...With flying carpet and flying white horse, with a giant genie (excellently played by Rex Ingram), with evil wizards, and with the good acting of Sabu and Veidt, "The Thief of Bagdad" captures the quality and true atmosphere of the Arabian Nights...
The 1940 version remains the screen's finest fairy tale!
Mario Lanza, of course, is "The Great Caruso" in this 1951 film also starring Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath.
This is a highly fictionalized biography of the legendary, world-renowned tenor whose name is known even today.The film is opulently produced, and the music is glorious and beautifully sung by Lanza, Kirsten, Judmila Novotna, Blanche Thebom, and other opera stars who appeared in the film.
If you're a purist, seeing people on stage smiling during the Sextet from "Lucia" will strike you as odd - even if Caruso's wife Dorothy just had a baby girl.
Also it's highly unlikely that Caruso ever sang Edgardo in Lucia; the role lay too high for him.In taking dramatic license, the script leaves out some very dramatic parts of Caruso's life.
What was so remarkable about him is that he actually created roles in operas that are today in the standard repertoire, yet this is never mentioned in the film.
These roles include Maurizio in Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in "Girl of the Golden West," There is a famous photo of him posing with a sheet wrapped around him like a toga.
The reason for that photo?
His only shirt was in the laundry.
He was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long partnership with the Victor Talking-Machine Company (later RCA Victor).
He was singing Jose in Carmen in San Francisco the night of the earthquake.Instead, the MGM story basically has him dying on stage during a performance of Martha, which never happened.
He had a hemorrhage during "L'Elisir d'amore" at the Met and could not finish the performance; he only sang three more times at the Met, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive.
What killed him?
The same thing that killed Valentino - peritonitis.
His first role at the Met was not Radames in Aida, as indicated in the film, but the Duke in Rigoletto.
So when it says on the screen "suggested by Dorothy Caruso's biography of her husband," that's what it was - suggested.
What is true is that Dorothy's father disowned her after her marriage, and left her $1 of his massive estate.
They also did have a daughter Gloria together (who died at the age of 79 on 10/7/2007).
However, Caruso had four other children by a mistress before he married Dorothy.Some people say that Lanza's voice is remarkably like Caruso's, but just listen to Caruso sing in the film "Match Point" -- Caruso's voice is remarkably unlike Lanza's.
In fact, from his sound, had he wanted to, Caruso could have sung as a baritone.
He is thought to have had some trouble with high notes, further evidence of baritone leanings; and the role he was preparing when he died was Othello, a dramatic tenor role, which Lanza definitely was not.
Lanza's voice deserved not to be compared with another.
He made a unique contribution to film history, popularizing operatic music.
He sings the music in "The Great Caruso" with a robust energy; he is truly here at the peak of what would be a short career.
His acting is natural and genuine.
Ann Blyth is lovely as Dorothy and gets to sing a little herself.Really a film for opera lovers and Lanza fans, which are probably one and the same.
The Thief of Bagdad is a treasure.
First and foremost, it is a good story.
Though my four children's primary exposure to this tale, the most famous of the stories of the Arabian Nights, comes from the Disney Corporation, the Thief of Bagdad held their interest to the end.
The story moves along at a good pace and includes a twist or two that reduced predictability.
Sabu, who plays the young thief, Abu, also measures up to any of today's teen actors in appeal, judging from the number of times I heard my oldest daughter say, "He's c-u-t-e!"
In 1940, the film won Oscars for cinematography and special effects.
Today, of course, those effects seem very dated ("Look, it's Barbie flying through the air," declared my daughter at the sight of the genie flying).
Yet they fit into the story well.
The film is, after all, over 60 years old.
The effects fit with the script.
Furthermore, what ones sees in The Thief of Bagdad remained pretty much state-of-the-art for the next twenty-five years.
One need only compare the opening montage from a 1967 Star Trek episode to see this.
In that, it was quite an achievement.This qualifies as a family film, though there are a few stabbings near the end.
The acting is so obvious and the wounds so bloodless as to those scenes nearly as artificial as animation.All in all, a fun film worth watching for either an evening of pure entertainment, or for the historical value of the effects.
I recommend it.
`The United States of Kiss My Ass'House of Games is the directional debut from playwright David Mamet and it is an effective and at times surprising psychological thriller.
It stars Lindsay Crouse as best-selling psychiatrist, Margaret Ford, who decides to confront the gambler who has driven one of her patients to contemplate suicide.
In doing so she leaves the safety and comfort of her somewhat ordinary life behind and travels `downtown' to visit the lowlife place, House of Games.The gambler Mike (played excellently by Joe Mantegna) turns out to be somewhat sharp and shifty.
He offers Crouse's character a deal, if she is willing to sit with him at a game, a big money game in the backroom, he'll cancel the patients debts.
The card game ensues and soon the psychiatrist and the gambler are seen to be in a familiar line of work (gaining the trust of others) and a fascinating relationship begins.
What makes House of Games interesting and an essential view for any film fan is the constant guessing of who is in control, is it the psychiatrist or the con-man or is it the well-known man of great bluffs David Mamet.In House of Games the direction is dull and most of the times flat and uninspiring, however in every David Mamet film it is the story which is central to the whole proceedings, not the direction.
In House of Games this shines through in part thanks to the superb performances from the two leads (showy and distracting) but mainly as is the case with much of Mamet's work, it is the dialogue, which grips you and slowly draws you into the film.
No one in the House of Games says what they mean and conversations become battlegrounds and war of words.
Everyone bluffs and double bluffs, which is reminiscent of a poker games natural order.
This is a running theme throughout the film and is used to great effect at the right moments to create vast amounts of tension.
House of Games can also be viewed as a `class-war' division movie.
With Lindsay Crouse we have the middle-class, well-to-do educated psychiatrist and Joe Mantegna is the complete opposite, the working class of America earning a living by `honest' crime.The film seduces the viewer much like Crouse is seduced by Mantegna and the end result is ultimately a very satisfying piece of American cinema.
And the final of the film is definitely something for all to see and watch out for, it's stunning.An extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeated viewings.
9/10
WOW, finally Jim Carrey has returned from the died.
This movie had me laughing and crying.
It also sends a message that we should all know and learn from.
Jeniffer Aniston was great, she will finally have a hit movie under her belt.
If you liked liar liar you will love this movie.
I give it 9/10.
Although not the best Anime I have ever seen but I enjoyed Lady Death.I have never read the comic book and just saw this at the video store and decided to give it a chance.The animation was OK, I got the sense of the 80's anime from it which is what set it off for me.
Why everyone else hates that is beyond me.Character development was fine.
I like how they brought the transition from Hope to Lady Death around.
for you who don't like it, obviously wasn't paying attention.
Lucifer tells you how it happens, and she used his words.Creamtor was a nice mentor/soldier for her.
his dark bruiting style was perfect for this kind of movie.I think everyone here who has bashed this needs to take another look at it and reconsider.
cause everything people have bashed this can be said about everyones favorite anime Vampire Hunter D
This was a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption.
I loved the transformation of the brother and the repercussions of the horrible disease on the family.
Well-acted and well-directed.
If there were any flaws, I'd have to say that the story showed the typical suburban family and their difficulties again.
What about all people of all cultural backgrounds?
I would love to see a movie where all of these cultures are shown - like in real life.
Nevertheless, the film soared in terms of its values and its understanding of the how a disease can bring someone closer to his or her maker.
Loved the film and it brought tears to my eyes
This film is the best film Jim Carrey has ever made.
Carrey did not have his usual face making stuff in this film.
He was both funny and sad.
Carrey played a reporter named Bruce Nolan.
Nolan blames God(Morgan Freeman) for everything that goes wrong in his life.
Then, God comes down from heaven and gives Bruce his powers.
As I said before, Carrey did an excellent job.
I also thought that Morgan Freeman and Jennifer Aniston were great as supporting actor/actress.
The plot was good because it had many subpoints in the main point.
This movie can be funny(Bruce's dog) as well as sad(the "break-up").
The script worked well, too.
I am glad they made a sequel to this film.
I rate this film a 9/10.
Ok, so it's not a masterpiece like the Godfather, but it doesn't have to be.
The only purpose this movie has is to make the viewer laugh several times.
If it can make the viewer laugh a bunch of times, it has accomplished its purpose.
I laughed out loud and left with a smile.
I feel like I got my money's worth.
A man and his wife get in a horrible car accident.
When the wife is left in a persistent vegetative state, the man must choose between pulling the plug and letting her live.
The decision is made even harder when he realizes her ghost wants to extract revenge on him and those around him.This comes to us from director Rob Schmidt, who made "Wrong Turn" (a film I have not seen).
With only one horror film under his belt, and not a particularly notorious one at that, I was a bit reluctant to watch this episode, expecting Schmidt to be a "Master of Horror" in only the most liberal sense.
My apologies to him for my underestimation.
As of episode 10 in a 13 episode season, this was actually the best one yet.The issue of the "right to die" is dealt with and covered in enough detail to be a solid plot device.
However, this is only the foundation on which the story revolves.
Once the horror elements show up, the film goes from "decent" to "spectacular".
Great acting, great plot, great dialogue, great suspense.
I was a little creeped out at times (which is good) and most of all: the gore is in extreme abundance!
I read a review of this episode prior to watching it, where the reviewer said there is a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in this.
Through the first part of the show, I had no idea what they were talking about.
Then there is a bit later where some images do remind me of "Hellraiser 2".
However, I in no way wish to say that this takes away from the film.
I can see no other way to create the effect that was created, and in my opinion this looks remarkably better than "Hellraiser 2".Some plot twists show up later on, and might invite the viewer to give the film a second look.
I didn't watch it a second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had (not that it's confusing).
The subplot with the dental hygienist is also nice, and I found myself going back and forth about whether I disliked the main character for his relationship with her or if I felt bad for him.
He's somewhat of an anti-hero to the whole story, if you will.
I feel inclined to cheer for him as the protagonist, but he's completely unlovable.While the Stuart Gordon episode may be better and I'm excited about the "Washingtonians" episode, I think I could safely bet that this is the key episode of the season and by far the saving grace of what was otherwise lackluster and routine.
When legends like John Carpenter let me down (again) I get a bit worried about the genre's future, but then a fresh face like Rob Schmidt comes along and gives me hope.
This one is a keeper, and please bring Schmidt back for season 3!
If any movie stands out extremely with the actors' acting skills, this is probably the one.
I've never seen dialogues be spoken in such a rough way, but having a strong feeling.
The movie was disturbing at moments.
However, the movie was terrible at editing.
The movie tries to go the commercial way by adding comedy and songs, yet they feel out of place.
Like Karisma is getting beat up, and the same time SRK is fighting (comically) with the police officers.
The Ishq Kamina song was very out of place.
On top of that, the movie is overly glossy in the beginning.
The direction was not bad, but certainly nothing one can brag about.I have to say that the actors' were chosen very wisely.
Without them, this movie would not have an impact.
Karisma Kapoor has given her best role to date, and this looks very good on her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza.
She looks pretty in the first half, and I've never seen an actress scream of emotion and anger as well as her.
What is most ironic is this is probably her weakest written role to date.
Nana Patekar was excellent as her father-in-law.
Not much to say about him, besides this is a role made for him.
Deepti Naval as the mother-in-law was excellent especially in her final scene.
Though she doesn't have much to say, her facial expressions and body language was good.
The other good performance was the little kid.
He was adorable, and is sure to bring tears to the viewer's eyes.
The movie was probably saved desperately by their performances.
Sanjay Kapoor was all right, but he didn't have much to do.
Shahrukh Khan was wasted in his bad boyish type role.
One thing that brought the audience to the theater was Ishq Kamina.
The song picturization and dancing is perfect for the crude lyrics of the song.
And boy Aish is mad hot.
However, the song belonged to be in another movie only because it came at the worst moment ever.
People may have come to the movie for Aish, but they won't brag too much about it after-wards.
Hum Tum Miley was properly paced, but seemed to drag as the suspense mood was leaving throughout the movie.
Damroo Bhaje was boring and nothing to rave about.
Dil Ne Pukara is too boring of a song to get the mood of the movie.
Despite the poor editing, the performances alone make it a must see.
This had a good story...it had a nice pace and all characters are developed cool.I've watched a whole bunch of movies in the last two weeks and this had to be the best one I've seen in the two weeks.Jason Bigg's character was the best though.Even though it was small, it was cleverly crafted from the very beginning.This may be a romantic comedy and I don't like most, but the writing, direction, performing, sound, design overall in all capacity just was really thought out pretty cool.This film scored pretty high out of all the movie's I've seen lately - and the rest were big budget or better publicized.Good job in writing.
If you want a serious laugh pain, watch this movie, and the things Bruce inflicts on his fellow newscaster.
The deleted scenes are priceless.
I don't know why they didn't include them in the original movie.
It can't be because of time, since the movie is only 101 minutes long.
Morgan Freeman is a brilliant actor, who has been overlooked for too long.
Jim Carrey needs meds!
House of Games is a wonderful movie at multiple levels.
It is a fine mystery and a shocking thriller.
It is blessed with marvelous performances by Lindsay Crouse and Joe Montegna, and a strong, strong cast of supporting players, and it introduces Ricky Jay, card sharp extraordinaire, prestidigitator and historian of magic.
Its dialogue, written by David Mamet, is spoken as if in a play of manners and gives the movie (in which reality is often in question) an extra dimension of unrealness.On the face of it, House of Games is a convincing glimpse into the unknown world of cheats and con men, diametrically different from The Sting, which was played merely for glamour and yuks.
At this level it does succeed admirably.However, you cannot escape the examination at a deeper level of the odyssey of a woman from complacent professional competence to incredible strength and self realization.
The only movie I know of which treats the theme of emergence of personal strength in a woman in as worthy a way is the underrated Private Benjamin.
That thoroughly enjoyable movie unfortunately diffuses its focus, hopping among several themes and exploiting the fine performance of Goldie Hawn to chase after some easy laughs.
House of Games sticks to its business.
As Poe once said of a good short story, it drives relentlessly to its conclusion.There is another strain of movies-about-women, epitomized by Thelma and Louise, a big budget commercial money maker with the despicable theme that women are doomed, whether or not they realize their inner strengths.
What tripe.As usual you really ought to see this film in a movie theater.
It should be a natural for film festivals.
Nominate it for one near you if you get the chance.I bought the original version of House of Games and gave it to my 23 year old daughter.
Better she should see it on a TV than not at all.
Once when I was in college and we had an international fair, the Russian section had a Soviet-era poster saying "Ne boltay!
", meaning "Don't gossip!".
I "translated" it for the "generation" of TV watchers as "Don't be Gladys Kravitz!"
(in reference to the nosy neighbor on "Bewitched").However, when you see the result of gossip in the Pvt.
Snafu short "Rumors", you see that it's not quite a laughing matter.
In this case, the perpetually witless soldier overhears something about bombing and immediately assumes that the Axis Powers have attacked the United States.
So, he tells it to someone, who tells someone else, who tells someone else, and it continues.
As in "The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming", the story gets blown more and more out of proportion each time, so that when it gets back to Snafu...well, you know what I mean!
Yes, it's mostly WWII propaganda - complete with a derogatory term for the Japanese - but I have to say that the Pvt.
Snafu shorts were actually quite funny.
Of course, since they had Dr. Seuss writing and Mel Blanc providing the voices, it's no surprise that these came out rather cool.
Worth seeing.
I'll tell you a tale of the summer of 1994.
A friend and I attended a Canada Day concert in Barrie, and it was a who's who of the top Canadian bands of the age.
We got there about 4am, waited in line most of the morning, and when the doors opened at 9am, we were among the first inside the gates.
We then waited and waited in the hot sun, slowly broiling but we didn't care, because the headliners were among our favourites.
At one point, early in the afternoon, I sat down and dozed off with my back to the barrier.
I was awakened to my shock and dismay by a shrieking girl wearing a Rheostatics t-shirt.
This is the reason I have hated the Rheostatics to this day.
There's nothing reasonable, nor taste-determined, nor really anything except their fandom.
Snotty of me, isn't it?
So, I, in my hatred of the band, have denied myself the delight that is Whale Music.Desmond Howl had it all.
It's hard to say what he's lost, since he lives in a fantastic mansion wedged between the ocean and the mountains (the BC region where the movie was shot is breathtaking).
The life most of us dream of is dismantled by dreams, phantoms, and his own past, until the day a teenaged criminal breaks in...and, trite as it sounds, breaks him out.Canadian cinema suffers from several problems.
Generally, a lack of money, as well as an insufferable lack of asking for help (as if somehow the feature would cease to be Canadian) leads to lower production values than American or British films, and most people don't like to watch anything that sounds or looks like, well, not like an American film.
Next, Canadian screenwriters often seem so caught up in being weird that they lose sight of how to tell a good story, and tell it well.
Third, they seem to think that gratuitous nudity (often full-frontal) makes something artistic.
I'm sure anyone who watches enough Canadian movies, especially late at night on the CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about.
It's almost like a "don't do this" handbook exists out there somewhere and Canadian film-makers threw it out a long time ago.In the 90s and 00s, however, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's work and the brilliant C.R.A.Z.Y.)
have broken this mold, and managed to maintain what makes them Canadian, while holding onto watchable production values and great stories.
Whale Music is such a film, on the surface.
Deeper than just its Canadian-isms, it's a deeply moving story of a man who's lost his grip, through grief and excess, who is redeemed by music then by love.
And that redeems even the Rheostatics.
:)
This movie has to be my favorite of all time.
Its not supposed to have a plot, because its makers wanted people (Charlie Sheen, I think)to believe it was a real snuff film.
This was an exercise in visual effects, and doesn't cut away when the action happens like every other film does.
Movies these days are now all about sound effects, leaving the visuals to be made by computers cause its easier to deal with CGI blood.
There still are movie makers who still can't get fake blood to look like the real thing.
There is no rape scene because that wasn't the point of making the film.
Have you seen the hills have eyes 2?
The rape scene was funny instead of shocking.
Although i'm sure there are some GONZO porn film makers that have tried to marry porn with horror.
But since they probably suck at making films, they probably wouldn't be able to pull it off.
The movie "Baise Moi" has a disturbing rape scene because the actresses are actually porn stars and they show everything even though the movie overall sucks.Its too bad that a movie can't be made without thinking of the money aspect of it all, especially when talking about an AO or NC-17 rating.
I'm sure Eli Roth has the ability/talent to make his Hostel film series much much better, but he has too tame it down to get an R rating...or at least I hope that his movies sucked because of these limitations.Watch Traces of Death or More than Smashed Pumpkins if you want no frills real footage (accident & crime scenes/footage).
Don't forget that this movie was made in 1985.
The fact that this film can still stand up against most crap made these days says a lot about this film.
That would be like someone saying the 8bit Super Mario Brothers sucks because the PS3 has better graphics.
In the spirit of the classic "The Sting", this movie hits where it truly hurts... in the heart!
A prim, proper female psychiatrist, hungry for adventure, meets up with the dirtiest and rottenest of scoundrals.
The vulnerable doctor falls for the career badman, and begs to be involved in his operation.
While the movie moves kind of "slow", it's climax and ending are stunning!
You'll especially enjoy how the doctor "forgives herself"!
We have to remember that the 50's were practically a blank slate when it came to movies.
Hollywood was in transition from patriotic war movies, noir, two reel oaters, etc to movies with a message.
We had Blackboard Jungle, On the Waterfront and so on.
Some folks might think that was an improvement.
I don't.
Who was the mogul who said: If you want to send a message, call Western Union?
He was right.
These psychological thrillers are less entertainment than some kind of remote therapy.This one is a pip.
It's about three sisters trying to wrest control of their dead father's estate.
One of them, maybe the only one worth redemption enlists the aid of the company pilot to help her keep the rest of the family at bay.
He's initially in it for the bucks, but eventually falls for her.
Meanwhile the rest of the family schemes to sabotage the romance.
The results are predictable.
You get a little bit of everything in this movie.
Sexual tension between the sisters.
A little subtle masochism.
Hereditary insanity - if there is such a thing.
We never get to meet the parents, but they must really have been screwed up The cast is practically unknown.
One or two of the actors sound vaguely familiar.
The acting is so bad it's hard to believe.
It was released under the United Artists umbrella by a company called Bel-Air Productions.
It was shot in and around LA mostly at night and probably without permits.
The end was so bizarre that I thought it was a joke.
It was as if they ran out of money and the producer decided to wrap it up in the middle of a scene.I can't explain it - not even to myself - but I gave this pile of trash an 8/10.
I'm familiar with the term "It's so bad it's good", but I don't think I ever ran into the phenomenon before.
Well, maybe "Hot Rods to Hell", but this one certainly fits.
You might want to try this if you love movies that seem like they were made in somebody's basement.
This is a really old fashion charming movie.
The locations are great and the situation is one of those old time Preston sturgess movies.
Fi you want to watch a movie that doesn't demand much other then to sit back and relax then this is it.
The acting is good, and I really liked Michael Rispoli.
He was in Rounders, too.
And While You Were Sleeping.
The rest of the cast is fun.
It's just what happens when two people about to get married meet the one that they really love on the weekend that they are planning their own weddings.
I know... sounds kooky... but it is.
And that's what makes it fun to watch.
It will make your girl friend either hug you or leave you, but at least you'll know.
Meryl Streep was incredible in this film.
She has an amazing knack for accents, and she shows incredible skill in this film overall.
I really felt for her when Lindy was being persecuted.
She was played realistically, too.
She got cranky, upset, and unpleasant as the media and the government continued their unrelenting witchhunt.
I didn't expect much from the film initially, but I really got interested in it, and the movie is based on a real person and real events.
It turned out to be better than I had anticipated.
Sam Neill was also outstanding; this is the best work I've seen from him, and I've really liked him in other movies (The Piano, for example).
I gave the film a 7, but if I could rate just the acting, I'd give the it a 9.5, and a perfect 10 for Streep.
My first exposure to "Whale Music" was the Rheostatics album of the same name, that I bought around 1993.
I was reading the liner notes and the band said the album, which remains in a prominent place in my collection, was inspired by Canadian author Paul Quarrington's book.I picked up the book a few months later and devoured it!
An amazing read!
I have since re-read the book numerous times, each time finding some new element to Desmond and his desire to complete the Whale Music.I found the film in 1996, on video.
I haven't had a lot of good experiences with Canadian film, but this one worked for me.
The role of Claire could have been cast differently, but overall I think that Paul Quarrington's vision was transfered nicely from the book to the screen.Maury Chaykin gives a moving performance as the isolated genius.
The movie deals with family relationships, love, and finding someone who understands.
I would strongly recommend "Whale Music" to not only music fans, but anyone who has ever lost something or someone, and tried to find their way back to the world.
*some spoilers*I was pleasantly surprised to find the harsh criticisms (acting, dated dialogue, unclear storyline) unfounded.
Belafonte is great as a Brandoesque, menacing, swearing spirit who must earn his wings but is realistically ill-equipped from his past life to do so.
He learns too late how empty his hustling, materialistic life was without love.
Mostel is likewise great as an anguished man with his dying wife Fanny.
In spite of his prayers for a miracle, his bitterness prevents him from accepting (or believing) in one.
The two social worlds the characters represent alternately collide and complement the other, the result being hilarious and touchingly sad.The perplexing ending is actually quite consistent with the rest of the film.
After looking everywhere for Belafonte, Mostel looks up to see a falling feather, and he frantically reaches for it as if he's finally willing to believe in angels and miracles.
But Belafonte wasn't allowed to finish his miracle (either to restore Fanny's health or Mostel's faith), so he never got his wings.
The feather floats tauntingly out of Mostel's grasp, a metaphor for both men's live: it's too late and you don't get a second chance.
Like "It's a Wonderful life," this movie is magical, wonderful, funny, but terribly tragic.
Words can hardly describe it, so I'll be brief.
"The Thief of Bagdad" was my favorite movie as a child, and it has never ceased to astound or enchant me.
I loved this film from the first moment I saw it, when I was a boy of six who had started reading "The Arabian Nights."
I remember walking into the TV room in the middle of Sabu's battle with the giant spider and being instantly beguiled.Rarely has so much beauty, magic, and wonder been captured on film.
Sabu and John Justin are superb as the dashing heros, Conrad Veidt is throughly delightful as the wicked villain Jaffar, and Rex Ingram is a joy to watch as the sardonic genie.
Georges Perinal's photography is some of the best use of Technicolor.
One of the three credited directors is Michael Powell, a filmmaker who has been rightfully heralded by the critics but is often overlooked by audiences for his remarkable films, including "A Matter of Life and Death" (aka "Stairway to Heaven") and "The Red Shoes."
He is one of the true masters of the camera, right up there with David Lean, Akira Kurosawa, and Orson Welles.As with all great works of art, the beauty of "The Thief of Bagdad" lies in the detail.
Every frame has its own magical charm.
The story never lags, and the characters and their actions are always involving.
Here is a film that will never grow old.
It is very rare for a film to appeal to viewers of all ages--to children for a fine narrative and a wonderful, colorful production, and, to adults, for a literate script, fine production values, good casting/acting, all bound together with a fine Rozsa score.
Two roughly contemporary films accomplish this--"Thief of Baghdad" (1940) and "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1938).
Some of the back story on this production is fascinating.
This production, commenced in England in the summer of 1939, moved to Hollywood, and proved a cover for British intelligence efforts!
The producer, Alexander Korda, was subsequently knighted in 1942.
Here is a unique case of the intersection of art, commerce, and politics!
By all means, secure a good CD of this film for your library!
Lavish production values and solid performances in this straightforward adaption of Jane Austen's satirical classic about the marriage game within and between the classes in provincial 18th Century England.
Northam and Paltrow are a salutory mixture as friends who must pass through jealousies and lies to discover that they love each other.
Good humor is a sustaining virtue which goes a long way towards explaining the accessability of the aged source material (which has been toned down a bit in its harsh scepticism).
I liked the look of the film and how shots were set up, and I thought it didn't rely too much on successions of head shots like most other films of the 80s and 90s do.
Very good results.
Norman, Is That You?
was (this is all third hand, so take it with a grain of salt) adapted to an African American family from a Jewish one, when it made the transition off stage and onto screen.
Also, it was one of those movies originally filmed in video, so the prints from the theater can't have been that great.
Still, performances by Redd Foxx and others were pretty good.
What I wanted to tell you all is that the movie is a PERIOD PIECE: it reflected the attitudes in the mid to early 70s about finding out you have a gay son or daughter in your family.
For that reason alone, it's pretty interesting- if not a little "hollywood".
Don't believe me?
Check out lines about curtains, etc.
Very stereotypical.
Not too deep.But... the movie really shines in a couple of areas.
There is a side splitting scene when Redd Foxx is trying to find his wife, who's run away with his brother (!)
to Ensenada in a souped up Pinto.
The phone conversation across the border is really memorable.
But... the best scene in the movie is when Wayland Flowers and Madame did his/their gay routine that he used to do in gay bars and nightclubs.
To the best of my knowledge, this is the only time that routine was filmed.
And, it's a slightly cleaned up and much shorter version, I'm told.
Still, it's vintage Madame, and shouldn't be missed.
People are still stealing lines from Wayland; the man was truly gifted.
Enjoy the movie!
Well it's been a long year and I'm down to reviewing the final film for 2004.
Panaghoy Sa Suba (Call of The River) placed second in the recent Metro Manila Film Festival.
As expected, it didn't do so well at the box office as it was too artsy for the common moviegoers especially since MMFF is the season where a lot of families go out to see movies.It was quite intriguing to see a movie that was not in Filipino or English play out in the screen.
I thought Cesar Montano did a good job both as a star and director.
His great vision and creativity really helped this film.
He was also very effective as the lead star and was able to express a wide range of emotions that was required for the film.
Also performing well was young actress Rebecca Lusterio.
She did a great job portraying Bikay, the younger sister of Duroy.
I hope to see her in many more film projects in the future perhaps venturing into other genres.
I think that the fact that this film was in her local dialect really helped her.Some of the camera shots in the film were done very well.
The scenery was made breathtaking even though I feel that if a lesser effort would have looked completely different.In terms of the story I feel that the writers could have delved further into the lives of the lesser characters in the film.
I certainly won't be raving about the story of this film.
Guinea Pig: The Devil's Experiment is without a doubt ***** stars on first view, its a raw realistic creepy and disturbing look into the dark side of human nature.
This movie gets right to the point, you may be thinking what point?
The point is to satisfy fan's of just extreme violence and gore.
This movie has some gore, more or less just torturing a women violently.
There are really only 3 scene's that could be considered gore.
I'll tell you one thing though Guinea Pig: The Devil's Experiment makes Hostile look like Sesame Street.
If you thought Hostile was a crazy brutal disturbing torture flick then you ain't seen the half of it until you've seen Guinea Pig: The Devil's Experiment.Movie Rating 0-5, Gore 0-10Guinea Pig: The Devil's Experiment (Uncut) ***** (7)
Over Her Dead Body was a nice little movie.It was decent and entertaining, while still being pretty funny.There were a few cliché's, but I found most stuff fresh.At first I didn't think it was going to be good at all,when it started out.If you can get past the first 20 minutes though,the movie starts getting more interesting.This film wasn't burst out in laughter hilarious,and wasn't OH MY GOSH wonderful.It was just a movie that you can sit down and enjoy for how enjoyable it was.I don't see how this movie was bad.It's rating is just a bit too low.I could've dealt with a 5.5,but a 4.8?Also,giving this movie a 1 is disgraceful.It was pretty good,and there was nothing horrible enough about it to give it a 1,which is what most people gave it.
I am a VERY big Jim Carrey fan.
I laughed my ASS off during Liar Liar and Ace Ventura.
I also like him in his serious movies, especially Truman Show.
This one is a cross between his VERY funny side, and his serious side.
He is of course VERY funny in this movie, but there are parts that are very serious, and he pulls it off with a lot of ease.
he is truely a multi-function actor.As for the rest of the cast, I was happy with Jennifer Aniston's acting.
I think she is more than just a couple of nice tits and great ass.
Morgan Freeman makes a VERY cool God.
As for Steven Carell, his limited scenes are VERY funny, especially in the anchor scene.Overall, I would have to rate this a 9.
Good acting, funny script, and some very serious situations make this a very good film.
This is an entertaining look at the Gospel as presented by Johnny Cash (adorned in black, of course) who sings a lot and narrates a bit also.
If you like Johnny Cash, this film is quite enjoyable.
Also note the blonde depiction of Jesus in this work...just for fun, try to think of five Jewish men who have blonde hair...?
Anyway, its a fun presentation of the greatest and most important story of all.
An utterly beautiful film, one of a handful of I saw when young that entranced me then and still do, in Thief's case the impression actually seems to get better with the passing of time.
By the '90's my daughter and I had seen it many times on TV but still went to the pictures when it came to the local art-house cinema  when it had finished we came out starry eyed with heads full of poetry and Miklos Rozsa's stirring music wishing it could have lasted a couple of hours longer and thinking what a beautiful world it suddenly was again.Idealistic Prince Ahmad wants to slum it amongst his people for a while to check things out, but evil Vizier Jaffar takes his chance to imprison him and seize the throne.
After escaping with a little thief played by Sabu, Ahmad spots a Princess and they fall blindingly in love  along the way they have many adventures (although apparently not enough for Sabu!)
and Love not only conquers but annihilates everything.
The special effects must have been mesmerising in 1940, but Time has taken its toll and lessened their impact especially since digital cartoonery has taken over even live action  but they still hold up well compared against films like Superman from 40 years later.
Anyway, if I'm requested to suspend disbelief in gargantuan guffawing genies, flying horses and carpets I also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects!
Favourite bits: the dreamy scene in the sunlit garden when Ahmad reveals himself and Adelaide Hall's suitably romantic song; the stunning colours in the tent in the Land Of Legend  in fact, the stunning colours throughout; Sabu and Rozsa's triumphant but still wistful finale.
Conrad Veidt played the baddie in two of the most incredible movie romances ever, this and Casablanca, and then died.
John Justin and June Duprez were great in the leading roles of lovers, both of them slightly and refreshingly stilted, but the parts didn't call for a huge range of emotions: only pure love mattered.There's a couple of mildly violent images in it, but rest assured this is a glorious feelgood experience with a 100% positive message, it's only a pity that nowadays little kids don't watch this instead of the porn they prefer.
One of my Top 10 film favourites, I can't recommend this too much  may it be shown to the end of Time.
This movie is not about entertainment, or not even a movie you want to see to pass the time.
This movie is a genuinely a display of true love that can only come from God.
One cannot help but be touched deeply by looking at this movie.
We have several dimensions of love that contributes to the value of this movie.
There is the divine love of God that is beautifully portrayed.
God's love transcends the heart and mind and endures and is eternal.
There is the love in a marriage.
While the main character grapples with his wife's disease, he realizes through God's love that he loves his wife more than he could ever imagine.
He knows that he and his wife are one and can never be separated.
Finally, you have the love of child and parent.
The kids in the family come together and realize that nothing else matters except that love conquers fear.
Dear friends, love is not love unless it comes from God, because God is love and love comes from God.
Talk to someone and let them know you love them.
Love does no good unless it is given to another.
I pray this movie can inspire and change the lives of everyone who sees it.
Amen!
!
Forget the campy 'religious' movies that have monopolized the television/film market... this movie has a real feel to it.
While it may be deemed as a movie that has cheap emotional draws, it also has that message of forgiveness, and overall good morals.
However, I did not like the lighting in this movie... for a movie dealing with such subject matter, it was too bright.
I felt it took away from the overall appeal of the movie, which is almost an unforgivable sin, but the recognizable cast, and their performances counteract this oversight.Definitely worth seeing... buy the DVD.
The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr. isn't a particularly good documentary.
Aesthetically, it's lackluster and cheap looking, the people in it go off on tangents which make it very unfocused and in-cohesive, but this adds to it's charm.
I say this because it's a documentary about an oddball that made oddball pictures and surrounded himself with fellow oddballs and, as such, there's really no other way to document the life and career of the man and his crew of misfits.
There are some glimpses of insight into both the genius and the ineptness of Wood, and the portrayal of both qualities is a credit to the genuineness of the documentary.
Overall, it's worth a watch for the Wood fan and those of cinema in general, but don't expect brilliance here.
Expect a documentary made after Wood's own heart.
"The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr." is the definitive documentary on the life of the man who brought us such movies as "Glen or Glenda", "Bride of the Monster", and, of course, "Plan 9 from Outer Space".
This exquisite film far exceeds where other documentaries, such as "Look Back in Angora" and "The Plan 9 Companion", failed.
It rounds up his surviving entourage, many of whom have passed away since filming, and gives an honest examination of Ed Wood and his work.
Nostalgic in the fact that it looks back at the darker corner of yesteryear Hollywood, sentimental in its treatment of the director (down to the haunting music), this documentary is an absolute must-see for anyone who loves the director who so failed in his day.
The entire two hours of the film lovingly and retrospectively pieces together Ed's life and untimely death for the viewer.
Best watched at 3 am while wearing an angora sweater.
Masters of Horror: Right to Die starts late one night as married couple Abby (Julia Anderson) & Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) are driving home, however while talking Cliff is distracted & crashes into a tree that has fallen across the road.
Cliff's airbag works OK & he walks away with minor injuries, unfortunately for Abby hers didn't & she ended up as toast when she was thrown from the car & doused in petrol which set alight burning her entire body.
Abby's life is saved, just.
She is taken to hospital where she is on life support seriously injured & horribly disfigured from the burns.
Cliff decides that she should die, his selfish lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should let Abby die, sue the car manufacturer & get rich while Abby's mum Pam (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, get rich & save Abby.
However Abby has other plans of her own...This American Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film previously was Wrong Turn (2003) which on it's own hardly qualifies him to direct a Masters of Horror episode) & was episode 9 from season 2 of the Masters of Horror TV series, while I didn't think Right to Die was the best Masters of Horror episode I've seen I thought it was a decent enough effort all the same & still doesn't come close to being as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006).
The script by John Esposito has a neat central idea that isn't anything new but it uses it effectively enough although I'd say it's a bit uneven, the first 15 minutes of this focuses on the horror element of the story but then it goes into a lull for 20 odd minutes as it becomes a drama as the legal wrangling over Abby's life & the affair Cliff is having take center stage before it gets back on track it a deliciously gory & twisted climax that may not be for the faint of heart.
The character's are a bit clichéd, the weak man, the bent lawyer, the protective mum & the young tart who has sex to get what she wants but they all serve their purpose well enough, the dialogue is OK, the story moves along at a nice pace & overall I liked Right to Die apart from a few minutes here & there where it loses it's focus a bit & I wasn't that keen on the ambiguous ending.Director Schmidt does a good job & there are some effective scenes, this tries to alternate between low key spooky atmosphere & out-and-out blood & gore.
There are some fantastic special make-up effects as usual, there's shots of Abby where she has had all of the skin burned off her body & the image of her bandaged head with her teeth showing because she has no lips left is pretty gross (images & make-up effects that reminded me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) & it's sequels), then there's the main course at the end where Cliff literally skins someone complete with close-ups of scalpels slicing skin open & him peeling it off the muscle & putting it into a cooler box!
Very messy.
There are also various assorted body parts.
There's some nudity here as well with at least a couple of pretty ladies getting naked...Technically Right to Die is excellent, the special effects are brilliant & as most Masters of Horror episodes it doesn't look like a cheap made-for-TV show which basically if the truth be told it is.
The acting was fine but there's no big 'names' in this one.Right to Die is another enjoyable & somewhat twisted Masters of Horror episode that most horror fans should definitely check out if not just for the terrific skinning scene!
Well worth a watch... for those with the stomach.
This film is an hour or so of good entertainment and has some genuinely funny moments.
I loved the character of Matt, and also Tiny.
They seemed the most engaging and funny characters, and certainly the most interesting.
Matt is very good (as is his no good cousin), and the police woman and the blonde biker woman provide some welcome eye candy.
I must say I saw striking similarities between Matt and another Aussie actor, Eric Bana.
My personal favourite part was the brothel scene, loved that.
Overall, I liked the film and it'll get about an 8 rating.
The penalty however, I was disappointed in.
It was a side foot curl, rather than the appropriate laces blast.I am of course kidding.
:)
I saw this movie in 1976, my first year of living in New York.
I went on to live there for the next 26 years,but never saw anything as delicate and beautiful again as this small TV movie.
It was part of a PBS series as I recall, and I've never forgotten it.
There are no sex scenes to speak of, just delicate, moving, extraordinarily touching moments full of tension and excitement, all set within a conservative, Boston (I think), World War 1 environment where women played the role of devoted wife awaiting the return of husband from the war, and did not seek out a career and financial independence.
Frances Lee McCain is superb in the role of career photographer and I have spent the next 30 odd years searching for her in equally challenging roles to no avail.There has to be a video of this movie?
Sure it should be on DVD but surely at least a video?
A lot of people unfairly sh!t on this series but several of the Guinea Pig videos are fairly entertaining.
Devil's Experiment in particular has some really fantastic effects work--not just the infamous eyeball scene but also a very realistic skin slice on the foot and a hand breaking with a sledgehammer are very realistic--especially for the video's vintage and low-budget.Let me start at the beginning now for those who don't know: This film is an "extreme" torture/fake snuff film that surfaced in Japan in the mid-80s.
It's plot as it stands is simple: A young girl is held by a few men and forced to undergo a series of brutal tortures to see where her breaking point is.
This entails brutal violence--all effectively realistic effects including the ones mentioned in the last paragraph as well as a painful looking application of hot oil to the captive girl's arm and placing of maggots in the subsequent flaky wound.The least effective sequences are at the very beginning of the video and consist of an unconvincing slap session where three men take turns slapping the hell out of the girl as her head falls about and a second sequence where the three men take turns kicking the girl and pushing her to the ground.
These two scenes are obviously staged and detract from the realism of the rest of the proceedings.The actress who plays the victim of the "experiment" is pretty convincing at being in pain and takes a good amount of abuse and rough stuff on camera.
Her reactions as she has headphones strapped to her head and loud noises are played for hours on end are chilling.
Some of the other abuse she takes is being strung up in a net from a tree during the only times she is given a rest.
Also there is a disturbing scene where the giggling captors through guts at her and one other disgustingly sleazy scene where she is spun in an office chair and forced to drink a bottle of Jack Daniels till she pukes.If you haven't seen this series I hope I have helped you decide whether or not you want to give this episode a shot.
8.5/10 for Devil's Experiment.
This is one of the finest films to come out of Hong Kong's 'New Wave' that began with Tsui Hark's "ZU: Warriors of Magic Mountain".
Tsui set a tone for the New Wave's approach to the martial arts film that pretty much all the directors of the New Wave (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Wong Jing, Ching Siu Tung, etc.)
accepted from then on as a given; namely, the approach to such films thenceforth would need more than a touch of irony, if not outright comedy.
"Burning Paradise" put a stop to all that, and with a vengeance.It's not that there isn't humor here; but it is a purely human humor, as with the aged Buddhist priest at the beginning who somehow manages a quick feel of the nubile young prostitute while hiding in a bundle of straw.
But this is just as humans are, not even Buddhist priests can be saints all the time.When irony is at last introduced into the film, it is the nastiest possible, emanating from the 'abbot' of Red Lotus Temple, who is a study in pure nihilism such as has never been recorded on film before.
He is the very incarnation of Milton's Satan from "Paradise Lost": "Better to rule in Hell than serve in heaven!"
And if he can't get to Satan's hell soon enough, he'll turn the world around him into a living hell he can rule.That's the motif underscoring the brutal violence of much of the imagery here: It's not that the Abbot just wants to kill people; he wants them to despair, to feel utterly hopeless, to accept his nihilism as all-encompassing reality.
Thus there's a definite sense pervading the Red Temple scenes that there just might not be any other reality outside of the Temple itself - it has become all there is to the universe, and the Abbot, claiming mastery of infinite power, is in charge.Of course, fortunately, the film doesn't end there.
Though there are losses, the human will to be just ordinarily human at last prevails.
(If you want to know how, see the film!)
Yet there is no doubt that, in viewing this film, we visit hell.
Hopefully, we do not witness our own afterlives; but we certainly feel chastened by the experience - and somehow better for it over all.
Bruce Almighty, one of Carrey's best pictures since... well... a long time.
It contains one of the funniest scenes I have seen for a long time too... Morgan Freeman plays God well and even chips in a few jokes that are surprisingly funny.
It contains one or two romantic moments that are a bit boring but over all a great movie with some funny scenes.
The best scene in, it is where Jim is messing up the anchor man's voice.My rating: 8/10
Seldom do we see such short comments written by IMDb filmgoers.
Perhaps it's because this lightweight dark comedy entertains and pleases without depth, or are we missing something?
I'd watch it again if I had some incentive.So what's a happenstance?
To the French it is "Le Battement d'Ailes du Papillon" Serendipity?
Fate?
Perhaps it's an event that is the culmination of a series of random happenings.
We've all had these (it's called life) but when looked at in this way, you begin to get the feeling that "random" might be more like "fated.
"A 'happenstance' in this film might be an occurrence as minor as knocking a few leaves of lettuce off the back of a truck or as major as basing a major life decision on the accuracy of a stranger tossing of a pebble.
All these incidents cause other events that ... well you get the picture?
Dominoes.
Multiply those by 30 characters and an average of 6 each and you have to really stretch your imagination to accept the remote chance that this scenario could happen.
And I think that there's a diagnosis for those who believe that life is like this.
But then this is the magic world of cinema.We admit that it is fun to watch the way the writer/director weaves together these unrelated events into a story which enmeshes the lives of these French citizens.
If you have a couple of hours and are looking for a whimsical escape, here's the place to do it.
Or if you're recovering from surgery and aren't going anywhere anyway, this will engage you while your stitches are healing.
"Happenstance" will not go down as an award winner but it should develop a cult following.
Stranger things have happened.
Soren Kierkegaard is attributed with the following: "Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forward."
If you looked at the detail in many of your own life experiences (meeting your first love, finding the perfect gift, your last auto accident) you would find a series of seemingly random events leading up to it.That's the answer!
I forgot to bring along an existentialist to explain "Happenstance" to me.
Outragously entertaining period piece set in the 30s, it is a spin on the classic cliffhanger series, as much as "Raiders of the Lost Ark", only done on a low budget and much campier by director Michael Anderson.
The opening scenes laces liberal amount of gothic art nuveau, predating Batman by two decades.
Starring Ron Ely (Tarzan) as a perfectly cast hero and the gorgeous Pamela Hensley as the local latina Mona tagging on to our hero on a goldhunt in the non-existent latin american country of Hidalgo.
Best line, our hero to Mona, holding a fist to her chin just as you expect him to be tender with her and give her a hug: "Mona, you're a brick!
"Paul Wexler's ham-and-cheese blackhat, Captain Seas is a an absolute delight.
Expect a little "Raiders..", a dash of "Batman", a little "The Lost World", a little "Lost Horizons" and a whole lot of campiness and you'll get it just right.
Watch out for cult favorite Michael Berryman in a small part as undertaker and enjoy the campy use of John Philip Sousa's patriotic music.
A prime candidate for DVD release, it is certainly overdue.
An unmissable treat for the whole family.
9/10
House of games has a strong story where obsession and illusion play a big part.
A psychologist offers to help a patient with his gambling debts and gets caught at the game.Have you ever felt fascination for something that was both dangerous and wrong?
Watch what happens if you pursue this urge and go all the way.
Sit on the edge of your chair as tricksters are being tricked and victims turn into perpetrators.
You're never sure of who is exactly who in this movie.This is both a quality and a drawback of the script.
As the movie ends you feel that the story lacks a bit of consistency.
But all this is largely compensated by the excellent psychological development.This is definitely one of the best movies about gambling.
I for one was glad to see Jim Carrey in a film where being over the top wasn't the goal.
His character is like all of us.
Wanting more - better things to happen to us and expecting God to deliver.Morgan Freeman made a great God.
With a sense of humor and a genuine sense of love for each of us yet ready to take a little vacation when the opportunity presents itself.I thought Jennifer Aniston's character was a little too vulnerable and understanding towards Carry's basically self-centered TV anchorman wanna-be but that's the way it was written.I think the previews ruined several potentially very funny scenes because everyone who saw them knew what was coming before it happened.I have read a number of the reviews and it seems some people are looking a little too deep.
This is a summer comedy and is not meant to solve the problems of the world although there are a few messages we could all take to heart.A funny film.
I really do not know what people have against this film, but it's definitely one of my favourites.
It's not preachy, it's not anchored by it's moral, it shouldn't be controversial.
It's just God.
Any possible God, no matter the religion.
And it's really funny.Jim Carry plays Bruce Nolan, a TV reporter usually stuck on the lighter side of the news, desperate to prove himself (more or less TO himself) that he can be taken seriously and do a good job in an anchor job.
This drive is what is slowly driving his beautiful girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston) away.
When the final straws are executed, he's quick to not laugh, but yell in the face of God, who in turn gives Bruce his powers.
Bruce then makes his life better for himself, until he's guilted into helping others, where he then continues to miss the point of his powers.
Meanwhile, his constant excitement about his own life makes him more selfish, leaving his relationship on dangerous ground.OK, that was kinda long.
But as a plot, it works well.
The step-by-step fashion in which we meet the challenges of being God is much better than clustering his problems together, and is able to hide itself fairly well.As you probably know from hearing about this movie in the first place, Carrey's pitch-perfect acting stays in character (which, luckily enough, is him), and controls and gives atmosphere to the movie scene by scene.
Whether they would admit it or not, the role was written or rewritten exclusively for Carrey.
Without him, the humour would turn flat, as humour is half execution.
And the humour is very good in the first place.
But without Carrey, it would kinda feel like a It's a Wonderful Life wannabe.Jennifer Aniston is great and, no matter what some may say, does not act like the only excuse for the third act.
At least, you don't think that when you see her.
She gives a heartfelt performance and makes you forget you're watching a movie, she and Carrey feel very much like a real couple.The movie feels ggooooodd (see the movie to understand), has a very nice feeling, tackles the idea appropriately and better than expected and overall should never have been called slapped together just to save Carrey's career (which wasn't goin' anywhere.
).
This would have worked a lot better if it had been made as "Mitchell in Malta."
At least then we would have been spared the sight of Joe Don Baker running around an otherwise scenic Mediterranean locale clad in that ridiculous looking cowboy outfit...not to mention acting like an Old West gunslinger.
Mitchell being Mitchell, the film wouldn't have suffered from a lack of gratuitous police brutality either.
Oh well.
At least the comic comments of Mike and the Bots made this enjoyable fare as an episode of MST.
I can't imagine watching it on it's own, however.
I believe they were telling the truth the whole time..U cant trust anything in the wild...
They family went through hell.Those poor boys too young to understand what was going on around them.
But still having to deal with the rumours.
As well as dealing with the lose of their little sister.
I cant believe this case went on for so long.seems like the jury couldn't see the truth, even if it bit them on the ass.I feel for this family, and if i could let them know i hate what has happened to them, i would.I have no idea what they went through, i cant even imagine it.
After watching this movie, i was in tears, and had to check on my little girl in bed...I think everyone should watch this.
I got a good laugh reading all the idiotic comments for this film,as it's obvious that those people who criticized the movie never seen it, or were stupid enough to pay to see it.The best reason to watch was on the Elvira show a few years back.
Elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can.It's an ok monster flick, compared to the hundreds of horrendous American flicks made.
Way better!!!
!
Unique movie about confused woman (Lindsay Crouse) who gets involved with sharp con men.
Joe Mantegna gives an Oscar-caliber performance as the slickest of the group.
Absolutely enchanting first hour, as Mantegna shows Crouse "the ropes" of his con games.
Story line unravels a bit later on, but still stands as a unique portrayal of an innocent caught up in a dark world.
Definitely worth a shot.
i watched this movie 10 years ago.
and have watched it on video an average of once a year since.
it's the type of movie that's timeless, because the themes are universal, yet the stories and conversation are so personal.
it's also one of the very few movies that capture you from frame one til the credits roll, despite the fact that there are, really, just two (very involving) characters.
this owes a lot to the engaging acting by hawke and delpy, who make us believe that they are actually jesse and celine.
this is also the first movie i saw that mentioned reality TV, and now, the phenomenon is rampant!
i love the way this movie just envelops the audience in its space, and makes you think, however jaded you may be, that you are one of those characters.
it also made me want to ride the train around Europe!
i have not met anyone who has not been able to relate to this movie.
maybe that speaks about myself, my friends, or just the sheer genius of this movie.
good movie, good music, good background and an acceptable plot.
but the main point again as his movies tend to be, the man is the best actor in idia and can turn dust into gold.
nana patekar.
this may be his second best performance after parinda( others may disagree).
although other movies are not far behind.
one man that will never ever disappoint you.good movie although i think shahrukh was a luxury this movie could have done without.
you can see in his movies, others try very hard to reach his heights and act out of their skins.
but this man is really something elase.the movie is cool, the music and direction is excellent plot a bit thin but the screen play and dialog again very good.
a must watch.
Saving Grace is a feel good movie with it's heart in the right place.
Grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts.
She could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana.
She's living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors.
There's only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it's user.
It's obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff.
The way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny.
It's precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by English slapstick, and that is a pity in a movie that is none the less very enjoyable.
"Happenstance" is the most New York-feeling Parisian film I've seen since "When the Cat's Away (Chacun cherche son chat).
"A film from last year released now to capitalize on the attention Audrey Tatou is getting for "Amelie," its French title is more apt: "Le Battement d'ailes du papillon (The Beating of the Butterfly's Wings)" as in summarizing chaos theory as a controlling element in our lives.Tatou's gamine-ness is less annoying here because she only occasionally flashes that dazzling smile amidst her hapless adventures, and because she's part of a large, multi-ethnic ensemble, so large that it took me a long time to sort out the characters, especially as some of the cute guys and older women looked alike to me, and some of the characters fantasize what they should do such that I wasn't sure if they were doing that or not.
But I loved how urban the coincidences were, from immigrants to love nests to crowded subway cars to hanging around cafés.The subtitles quite annoyingly gave both parts of a dialog at once.
(originally written 12/8/2001)
Tim Krabbe is the praised author of 'Het Gouden Ei', a novel that was put on the screen twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing').
One of the Dutch writer's more recent works is 'De Grot', a psychological thriller about two totally different men, Egon and Axel, who meet at a youth camp and, surprising enough, become friends for dear life.
Egon is a quiet, somewhat dull person, who spends his time studying and writing geography books.
Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic 'party-animal', a heavy drinking criminal whose everyday's concern is to get a woman into his bedroom.
From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while the latter envies him because he has a good life without really doing anything (such as reading thick books like Egon); ultimately, Egon is even dragged by Egon into illegal practices himself, which leads to a fatal drug transport in a distant Asian country.After having read the book last year, I was surprised the critics were quite positive about it.
In my opinion, the book suffers especially from the complex structure.
While Krabbe presents the story as an absorbing portrait of an uncommon relationship between two people, the plot becomes more of a puzzle: the many episodes are not presented chronologically, so that two successive scenes are seldom in the same episode.
Because of this, the story feels surprisingly remote: you often need to know a character's background to really care for him or her.
Another complaint was the fact that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are a little stereotypical.
Egon IS 'the' dull intellectual, while Axel IS his exact opposite.
In real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and films, they always seem to be there, taking away a lot of credibility.Despite all this, the film was a pleasant surprise, being much better than the book.
The adaptation excels in its beautiful cinematography, humour and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget he IS acting (which is, in my opinion, the highest an actor can achieve).
The drawbacks of the film, however, are the same as the book's: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that it becomes annoying.
Guess who wrote the script?
Indeed, Krabbe himself.
It is obvious that this talented director (that's what the movie makes clear anyway) is hampered by a deficient screenplay.
Perhaps Koolhoven should just have chosen a better book.7/10
It's a very good movie, not only for the fans of Lady Death comics, but also for those who like animated movies/series of adventure and fantasy.The film is about a innocent girl who is about killed for something she hadn't done, but for be who she is daughter of the ruler of hell, Lucifer himself.Then she seeks revenge...and the rest you better see it from the movie.I liked the movie a lot, the characters are like the original comics, form Chaos.
I never had the chance of read the the first parts of the story in comics, only the last ones, after the passages in the movie, so I cannot tell you if the events are exactly like the comics, but...one way or another it's the story of Lady Death!
The unlikely duo of Zero Mostel and Harry Belafonte team up to give us some interesting performances and subject matter in The Angel Levine.
It's one interesting twist on the themes from It's A Wonderful Life.Zero is married to Ida Kaminsky and the two of them belong to a special class of elderly Jewish poor in New York.
Mostel used to be a tailor and proud of his trade, but his back and arthritis have prevented him from working.
Kaminsky is mostly bedridden.
He's reduced to applying for welfare.
In desperation like Jimmy Stewart, he cries out to God for some help.Now maybe if he had gotten someone like Henry Travers things might have worked out differently, but even Stewart had trouble accepting Travers.
But Travers had one thing going for him, he was over 100 years off this mortal coil and all his ties to earthly things were gone.
God sent Mostel something quite different, the recently deceased Harry Belafonte who should have at least been given some basic training for angels before being given an assignment.Belafonte hasn't accepted he's moved on from life, he's still got a lot of issues.
He also has a wife, Gloria Foster, who doesn't know he's passed on, hit by a car right at the beginning of the film.
You put his issues and Mostel's issues and you've got a good conflict, starting with the fact that Mostel can't believe in a black Jew named Levine.This was the farewell performance for Polish/Jewish actress Ida Kaminsky who got a nomination for Best Actress in The Shop on Main Street a few years back.
The other prominent role here is that of Irish actor Milo O'Shea playing a nice Jewish doctor.
Remembering O'Shea's brogue from The Verdict, I was really surprised to see and hear him carry off the part of the doctor.The Angel Levine raises some interesting and disturbing questions about faith and race in this society.
It's brought to you by a stellar cast and of course created by acclaimed writer Bernard Malamud.
Make sure to catch it when broadcast.
This was a favorite of my childhood - I can remember seeing it on television and thrilling to it each time.
Now that I'm grown up and have a kid of my own, I wanted to introduce him to this classic movie.
We watched it last Friday, and he liked it.
During Abu's fight with the giant spider, my son's hand crept over and took hold of mine - he was genuinely scared.
"Is he gonna beat the spider, Poppa?"
Just watch, you'll see.
He has no historical frame of reference to speak of (eight years old), so Bagdad under the grandson of Haroun al-Raschid might as well be Oz under Ozma.I think he especially liked how much of the heroics and derring-do were perpetrated by the boy-thief, and not the grown-up king.
In fact, if you deconstruct the film's narrative a bit, the king is the thief's sidekick, not the hero at all - which must be very satisfying to imaginative, adventurous young boys.
It's definitely a period piece - I suspect that by the time he's eleven or twelve, my son will find it 'corny' or whatever word the next generation will be using by then.
The love story is barely one-dimensional - as a cynical friend commented, "Why does Ahmad love the Princess?
Because the narrative demands it."
The willingness of Abu to put himself in jeopardy (repeatedly) for the clueless, love-struck deposed king is equally improbable.
But to quibble about such things while accepting flying mechanical horses, fifty-foot genies and the Temple of the All-Seeing Eye would be fatuous in the extreme.
The satisfaction of seeing the prophecy fulfilled at the movie's climax is tremendous, as is the final shot of Abu triumphantly flying away on his (stolen) magic carpet, seeking "some fun, and adventure at last!"
This isn't exactly a great film, but I admire the writers and director for trying something a little different.
The film's main theme is fate and small, seemingly insignificant things that can greatly change the future.
In some ways this reminds me of the film SLIDING DOORS, though instead of focusing on one random event, seemingly random stuff happens repeatedly and each one helps build to the cute conclusion.
Plus, an odd bald guy seems to understand all this and he talks about this during one brief scene--like he's some sort of omnipotent being but there's absolutely no explanation of him in the film (like the two guys that fight each other in the clock tower in THE HUDSUCKER PROXY).The DVD jacket shows just Audrey Tautou.
This is capitalize on her success in AMELIE, though she is only one of many actors in the film and there is no one starring role.
The pace is brisk, the acting fine and the conclusion isn't bad at all.
The only reason I didn't score it higher is that some of the characters were a bit uninteresting and I think the movie could have perhaps been tightened up with a few less subplots.
Though structured totally different from the book by Tim Krabbé who wrote the original 'The Vanishing' (Spoorloos) it does have the same overall feel, except for that Koolhoven's style is less business-like and more lyric.
The beginning is great, the middle is fine, but the sting is in the end.
A surprise emotional ending.
As you could read in several magazines there is some sex in the film, but it is done all very beautifully.
Never explicit, but with lots of warmth and sometimes even humour.
It is a shame American films can't be as open an honoust as this one.
Where Dutch films tend to go just over the edge when it comes to this subject, 'De Grot' stays always within the boundaries of good taste.
'De Grot' tells an amazing story stretched over more than 30 years.
When you'll leave the cinema you'll be moved.
What can we ask more of a film?
Anyway, this film even gives more....
This is a VERY entertaining movie.
A few of the reviews that I have read on this forum have been written by people who, apparently, think that the film was an effort at serious drama.
IT WAS NOT MADE THAT WAY....It is an extremely enjoyable film, performed in a tongue in cheek manner.
All of the actors are obviously having fun while entertaining us.
The fight sequences are lively, brisk and, above all, not gratuitous.
The so-called "Green Death", utilized on a couple of occasions, is not, as I read in one review, "gruesome".
A couple of reviewers were very critical of the martial arts fight between Doc and Seas near the end of the film.
Hey, lighten up... Again, I remind one and all that this is a fun film.
Each phase of this "fight" was captioned, which added to the fun aspect.
The actors were not trying to emulate Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan.
This is NOT one of those martial arts films.
Ron Ely looks great in this film and is the perfect choice to play Doc.
Another nice touch is the unique manner in which the ultimate fate of the "bad guy" (Seas) is dealt with.
I promise you that if you don't try to take this film very seriously and simply watch it for the entertainment value, you will spend 100 minutes in a most enjoyable manner.
Just the ultimate masterpiece in my opinion.
Every line, every phrase, every picture is exactly in place and Lindsay Crouse and Joe Mantegna are just THE cool shrink and the sleazy con-man, so well cast.
10 out of 10!
If your idea of a thriller is car chases, explosions, and dozens of people being mowed down by gunfire, then "House of Games" is definitely not the movie for you.
If you like and appreciate psychological drama and suspense, then, by all means, see it.
"House of Games" tells the story of an esteemed psychologist and writer, Dr. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse), who tries to help a patient and gets involved in the shadowy world of con men led by the charismatic Mike (Joe Mantegna).
To say anything more about the plot would ruin the suspense.
Frankly, I find it hard to believe anyone who says they saw the twists coming.
Just like a clever con artist, this movie draws you into its web and lulls your vigilance.The story is taut and well-crafted, the dialogue smart and laconic, the acting uniformly good (Mantegna is superbly charismatic).
Some have complained that Dr. Ford is not a very sympathetic character, and wondered why Mamet would make Lindsay Crouse look so physically unattractive.
But Dr. Ford is supposed to be cold and aloof; moreover, her homeliness is in a way essential to the plot (at one point, I believe that an injury to her sexual self-esteem is a key part of her motivation ...
I'll say no more).
"House of Games" is a dark look at the underside of human nature that concludes on a note of discomforting ambiguity.
It will hold your attention every second while you are watching, and stay with you for a long time afterwards.
This movie is amazing!
While being funny and entertaining, it is also profoundly deep and eye-opening.
I will watch it again and again.
Bruce is a guy who is unhappy with his life.
He has a job and a life, but it isn't what he thinks it will take to bring him happiness.
Bruce is bitter, unsatisfied, and resentful that his life isn't the way he envisions it should be.
As a result of this state of mind, Bruce ends up losing his job and blaming God for everything that he thinks is wrong with his life.
God comes to Bruce and grants him Godly powers.
Bruce uses these powers to get everything he has always wanted.
His life is finally exactly what he envisioned it would take to make him happy.....with one exception.
In the process of gaining everything, he loses the one person who truly loved him.
As the movie unfolds, Bruce learns that the real change that needed to occur in his life was not the circumstances, but his perception of what was truly there.
This movie was inspirational and deep.
If you really pay attention, it forces you to look at your life with a deeply humbling respect for the fact that a lot of the time we are so much more blessed than we recognize.
As my wife says, "Since when does anybody know what it takes to make them happy?"
and my humble addition, "May we not lose ourselves and those who matter while we try to find out."
Emma is a horribly flawed film based on Jane Austens classic novel.
I have not read the book so I really didn't know that much about the plot, and yet I still predicted nearly the entire plot.
There were also many scenes that frustrated me because of the bad writing or directing.
The film is though for some reason very entertaining and I loved it.
Of course there were all the scenes I disliked but the majority was well acted and funny.
Gwyneth Paltrow gives one of her best performances as the heroine in Emma.
The film also stars Toni Collette(Who has okay but has been much better) Ewan Mecgreger(Who has also been better but he is still very good here) Alan Cumming(Who I have never really been impressed with and is pretty much the same here) and Jeremy Northam(Who's performance is rather wooden at first look but actually fairly subtle, even if that was not what it needed) There have been much better adaptations of Jane Austen books but this one is still very entertaining and worth watching.
"Ardh Satya" is one of the finest film ever made in Indian Cinema.
Directed by the great director Govind Nihalani, this one is the most successful Hard Hitting Parallel Cinema which also turned out to be a Commercial Success.
Even today, Ardh Satya is an inspiration for all leading directors of India.The film tells the Real-life Scenario of Mumbai Police of the 70s.
Unlike any Police of other cities in India, Mumbai Police encompasses a Different system altogether.
Govind Nihalani creates a very practical Outlay with real life approach of Mumbai Police Environment.Amongst various Police officers & colleagues, the film describes the story of Anand Velankar, a young hot-blooded Cop coming from a poor family.
His father is a harsh Police Constable.
Anand himself suffers from his father's ideologies & incidences of his father's Atrocities on his mother.
Anand's approach towards immediate action against crime, is an inert craving for his own Job satisfaction.
The film is here revolved in a Plot wherein Anand's constant efforts against crime are trampled by his seniors.This leads to frustrations, as he cannot achieve the desired Job-satisfaction.
Resulting from the frustrations, his anger is expressed in excessive violence in the remand rooms & bars, also turning him to an alcoholic.The Spirit within him is still alive, as he constantly fights the system.
He is aware of the system of the Metro, where the Police & Politicians are a inertly associated by far end.
His compromise towards unethical practice is negative.
Finally he gets suspended.The Direction is a master piece & thoroughly hard core.
One of the best memorable scenes is when Anand breaks in the Underworld gangster Rama Shetty's house to arrest him, followed by short conversation which is fantastic.
At many scenes, the film has Hair-raising moments.The Practical approach of Script is a major Punch.
Alcoholism, Corruption, Political Influence, Courage, Deceptions all are integral part of Mumbai police even today.
Those aspects are dealt brilliantly.Finally, the films belongs to the One man show, Om Puri portraying Anand Velankar traversing through all his emotions absolutely brilliantly.
Monstervision was a show I grew up with.
From late night hosting with Penn and Teller to the one, the only, Joe Bob Briggs.
The show kept me up Friday nights back in my high school years, and provided some of the best drive-in memories to ever come outside of the drive-in.Without a doubt, the best late night television ever.
If you didn't stay up, you were missing out.I know John Bloom and Joe Bob live on, but I want them back where they belong...MONSTERVISION!
Question...did anyone else sit through all 4 hours of "The Swarm" ?
q:)Long live Monstervision!
American boy Jesse took the train to Vienna in order to take the plane for USA.
On the train he met a French girl Celine.
Although they met the first time, they talked like good friends.
When the train stopped at Vienna, Jesse begged Celine to accompany him to have a tour on Vienna.
Then the romantic story unfolded.At first they were cautious.
The funniest scene was their listening to CD in music store.
They peeked at each other, though their eyes did not contact.
After in-depth conversation, they relationship became close.
Then I saw the most romantic scene that they pretended to call their respective friend.
Their deep love for each other was expressed completely by words.Love is a strange thing.
When you really want it, it will not come as you wished.
Love needs mutual understanding.
Without it, love will not last long.
Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.Excellent screenplay and performance resulted in huge success of the movie.One of the best romance movies.
9/10
Genre: Dinosaur, animation, New York, time travel, circus.
?Main characters: Rex the Tyrannosaurus rex, Elsa the pterodactyl, Dweeb the Parasarolophus, Ooo the Triceratops, a boy called Louis, a girl called Cecilia and Captain New-eyes.
?
Actors: John Goodman (Rex), Yeardley Smith (Cecilia), Martin Short (Stubbs the clown), Felicity Kendal (Elsa) etc.
?What happens: Four dinosaurs (see above) are fed some "brain grain cereal" and are now cuddly, friendly dinosaurs who are going to be nice to children.
They go into New York, with big plansMy thoughts: This is a cute animated film.
The animation of the dinosaurs when they go cuddly and friendly is a bit floppy and not-so-good, but they look pleasant all the same that way.
I like the dinosaurs when they are cuddly and friendly, they are nice, friendly and good.
I like (almost) all the characters featured, especially Elsa and Cecilia, but of course I like the others as well.
Overall, I like this film a lot!
:-)Recommended to: People who like good children's animated films, people who like dinosaurs, John Goodman and people who think that circuses aren't always what they seem Enjoy!
:-)
Before Sunrise is romance for the slacker generation.
Richard Linklater's romantic drama is an offbeat telling of a dream come true for most people.
The film depicts romance in all it's glory, but without any of the pitfalls that befall most couples; and in short the film is about two people that have a relationship that's as close to perfection as relationships will ever come to - with just one problem, the problem of time.
While most relationships wind down with time, this one keeps going strong throughout and time itself is the only thing that wears out.
Before Sunrise is certainly not the typical sentimental 'Hollywood romance', which is another aspect that puts this film leagues ahead of the pretenders.
The story follows two people, Jesse; an American and Celine; a French girl that meet on a train into Vienna.
They instantly connect, and after telling her his awful idea for a television show and almost getting off the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for the day in the picturesque city of Vienna...Before Sunrise works principally for two reasons - realistic acting and an immense script that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and thus allows us to get to know them as we do the people in real life.
This allows the characters to be free, and it's easy to believe that these are real people and not just actors working from a script.
This also allows us to feel for the characters for who they are, and not merely because they're the protagonists.
This kind of realism is hard to capture as, at the end of the day, we as the audience know that they're watching a film and not observing real life; but Before Sunrise represents one of the truest to life exhibitions of realism ever to be seen on screen.
A truly great script cannot work on it's own, and needs great actors to deliver it to an extent that does it justice, and although I'm not a fan of either Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; on viewing this film, there is nothing you can do but give them both respect.
I don't know whether they were in character or just playing themselves, but when a film is this good; it hardly matters.In a film like this, it is the writing that's the most important thing, and contained within the script are several observations about life, most of which I personally could relate to.
This represents what Richard Linklater has achieved with this script as not only does it create and build the characters, but it also manages to expose what true love is, along with several other aspects of life.
The fact that not all the anecdotes are relatable to me personally again represents the brilliance of writing.
Everyone is different, and so different parts of the script will appeal to different people.
There could be certain aspects about one person that one person loves and another hates; and that's the case with the musings in this script.
Adding to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna.
The city itself isn't really important to the film as this is a story that could have taken place just about anywhere - but it makes for some lovely visuals and the upbeat, energetic romance that blossoms throughout the movie is matched by the beauty of the location.Before Sunrise is simultaneously beautiful and captivating.
Richard Linklater has created something that is rare in the world of cinema; a film that captures the beauty of life without ever going over the top or being overly sentimental.
Before Sunrise is what it is.
And what it is, is pure cinematic brilliance.
I first heard of this movie after purchasing the 1976 flick "Snuff".
I was told that Devil's Experiment was much better so naturally I went ahead and ordered the Guinea Pig box set.
I was really interested to hear that Charlie Sheen had come out trying to ban either this movie or the second one, so my interest was peaked.Devil's Experiment is a short film with no story, no character development.
Just 3 men torturing a woman for about 45 minutes.
They torture her in various ways like beating her, spinning her in circles over and over again then forcing her to drink alcohol, forcing her to listen to hi-pitched noise for 24 hours, smash her hand with a mallet, burning and putting maggots on the burns, throwing guts at her, and ultimately shoving a sharp needle through her eye.I must say that a lot of this movie was fake, like the beating scenes.
But then, some of it was actually well done as far as grossing you out.
The scenes in which the woman is being spun around in circles was making me dizzy watching it.
Or the scene in which she is forced to listen to sharp noise for 24 hours is painful to think about.
The worst is the eye scene.
I didn't shutter when watching it but simply thought "Damn, that looks pretty good for such a low budget movie".
I did enjoy the flick but I don't know if I can really recommend this unless you have seen most of what the horror genre has to offer.
7/10
I'm not usually a fan of strictly romantic movies but heard this was good.
I was stunned.
Easily the most romantic thing I've ever seen in my life.
Stunning.
Brilliant, sweet, funny and full of heart.
The chemistry is flawless as is the writing and directing.Ethan Hawke and Julie Delphy are so natural and sweet together you really think they're a couple.
The movies grabs you right away and doesn't let go.
You can't look away nor can you stop listening to them.
Even the little moments just melt your heart.
This has jumped into the ranks of one of my favourite ever.
A masterpiece.
Mario's first foray into the world of 3-dimensions is incredible.
Miyamoto's masterpiece was reason enough to buy a Nintendo 64 when it was released in 1996 and it still holds all of it's charm today.
This game is an instant classic that set the standard for 3D adventure/platform games.
Maybe it's just because I have an intense fear of hospitals and medical stuff, but this one got under my skin (pardon the pun).
This piece is brave, not afraid to go over the top and as satisfying as they come in terms of revenge movies.
Not only did I find myself feeling lots of hatred for the screwer and lots of sympathy towards the "screwee", I felt myself cringe and feel pangs of disgust at certain junctures which is really a rare and delightful thing for a somewhat jaded horror viewer like myself.
Some parts are very reminiscant of "Hellraiser", but come off as tribute rather than imitation.
It's a heavy handed piece that does not offer the viewer much to consider, but I enjoy being assaulted by a film once and awhile.
This piece brings it and doesn't appologize.
I liked this one a lot.
Do NOT watch whilst eating pudding.
This was another World War II message to the soldiers and to the Allies to be careful about spreading rumors.
These were called "instructional" cartoons because it was a mixture of serious messages along with a funny-looking main character called "Pvt.
Snafu.
"All of us have imaginations, along with fears and what-have-you, and that's what happens here as Pvt.
Snafu incorrectly adds two and two to something he hears and comes up with "five."
You can start panics and all kinds of disasters if you spread enough rumors and enough people believe them.
That includes losing confidence in your country and your cause, as pointed out here in this cartoon.
A good way to lose a war is demoralize the enemy.
That's still being done today.
"We lost the war," declares one big baloney near the end of this cartoon.
Amazing how some Americans still haven't learned.
This cartoon may be 65 years old but it sure has relevance today.
As I write this, there were two terrorist bombings in Europe today and some people still think the "War On Terror" is just a bumper sticker slogan.
Amazing.The writer, the famous "Dr. Suess," uses analogies of "hot air balloon juice" here to present the above message.
With Theodore Geisel (his real name) you know the rhymes will be clever.Nothing hilarious here, but it wasn't meant to be.
You have to understand the climate of 1943 and the justified paranoia that was out there during World War II.
People forget that war could have easily wound up with the other side winning.
It was a tense time
It was by accident that I was scanning the TV channels and found this wonderful film about two beautiful human beings who become attracted to each other in a very innocent and virgin like approach to each other.
Ethan Hawke (Jesse) "Tape" '01 and Julie Delpy (Celine) "ER" 94 TV Series (Nicole).
This gal and guy, will warm your very heart and soul and make you think deeply into your past relationships and how you really wish you had followed your hearts strings with a guy or gal you deep down loved and lost track of over the years.
Jesse and Celine have great conversation, and deep eye contact with a great magnetic explosion between the two of them.
I am looking forward to the SEQUEL to this film in 2004 and if you have viewed this film, you will feel the same way.
The pilot is extremely well done.
It lays out how the characters bond in future episodes.
I don't think anyone could have created a better pilot for this show.
It displays remarkable creativity on the writers part.
Although not everything was straightened out because it was the very first episode, a lot of events that happen in future seasons were demonstrated in the pilot.
An example would be Ross and Rachels future relationship.
Even though the nervousness of a first episode appeared, it was overcome by an amazing plot and outstanding cast choice.Bravo.A great start to an unbeatable comedy!
When a rich tycoon is killed in a plane crash, his spinster twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), doesn't believe he grabbed the controls in a suicide dive (even though self-snuff runs in the family) but his three beautiful daughters couldn't care less.
The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes) who soon coerces him into helping her wrest control of the estate from her troubled sister, Lorna (Sara Shane) and the family lawyer (Jess Barker).
Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when he's not fending off the advances of another sister, the nymphet Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are thrown into a tailspin when Norton falls for his prey.
All bets are off as a world of woe -including corporate chicanery, seductions, suicides, blackmail, a murder plot, the Mann Act, double-crosses, disfigurement, and poetic justice- befall "Craig Manor", an imposing mansion on a bluff overlooking the sea...This preposterous potboiler would have made a perfect second feature for WRITTEN ON THE WIND, also from 1956.
Douglas Sirk's saga of a powerful (and powerfully dysfunctional) oil clan was said to have inspired the 1980s night-time TV serial DALLAS but the Craig's low-brow excursion into insanity seems right out of it's sinful sister-soap, DYNASTY.
All three siblings (only one of whom is really bad) are great beauties but it's Kathleen Hughes' cartoon villainy that stands out.
Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the movie's many guilty pleasures.
Teenage sister Vicki is quite a piece of work as well, reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in THE BIG SLEEP.
When they first meet, she pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on Norton's lap while he's still standing by coming on to him with the line "I graduated summa cum laude from Embrace-able U."
Whew!THREE BAD SISTERS, produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, is a terrific trash-wallow in exploitation excess and the cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, 50s hunk John "Revenge Of The Creature" Bromfield (once married to French sexpot Corinne Calvet), Universal starlet Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess "Mr. Susan Hayward" Barker, Kathleen "It Came From Outer Space" Hughes, and former silent screen star Madge Kennedy give it all they've got -however much or little that is.
Future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE Apocalypse) is seen briefly as one of Vicki's victims.B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (and her body English) made marvelous movies!
THREE BAD SISTERS was recently seen on the big screen as part of the Palm Springs Film Noir Festival but the jury's still wiping soap suds out of ...aw hell, it's noir (5/10 on the noirometer).
What starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair is in the end quite hilarious and entertaining.
"Right to Die" is not very suspenseful but it more than makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces and over the top gore.Spoilers here: Top credits also go to the dead-on performance from Martin Donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen.
Playing the character in a great "aloof" fashion, you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails.
Corbin Bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not-so-good-guy who gets his just desserts.End of Spoiler.As a revenge-from-the-dead flick, "Right to Die" benefits heavily from it's performers and is more than an OK way to spend less than an hour.
It's been a while since I've watched this movie, and the series, but now I'm refreshing my memory!
This was a very funny movie based on the classic series!
Johnny Knoxville and Seann William Scott were hilarious together.
Bo and Luke Duke help Uncle Jesse run Moonshine in the General Lee.
When Boss Hogg forces the Dukes off their farm, Bo and Luke sneak around Hogg's local construction site and find samples of coal.
They soon realize that Boss Hogg is gonna strip-mine Hazzard County, unless the Dukes can stop him, with the help of their beautiful cousin, Daisy.
My only two problems with the movie was that Burt Reynolds wasn't right for the part of Boss Hogg, and Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane was way too serious.
Other than that, I highly recommend THE DUKES OF HAZZARD!!
!
Uneven Bollywood drama.
Karisma Kapoor is excellent as an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child, and then visits his family in India only to find they are terrorist warlords.
Drama and tragedy ensue, and the film becomes a kind of NOT WITHOUT MY BABY styled thriller.
Film is compelling, its few song/dance numbers are uninteresting and needless, the gaity of Bollywood song and dance is really out of character for the intensity of this film's drama, at least once we've left the comforting confines of their Canadian love nest  although one number involving a cameo by the stunning Aishwarya Rai is enjoyably provocative, if ultimately misplaced as well.
Likewise, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a happy-go-lucky drifter who helps Kapoor in her escape from the clutches of the warlord turns what had been a very serious drama into a silly farce, and it only gets back on his feet when his character  and his fantasies about Rai that generate her cameo dance  are dispensed with.
His throw-away comic-book dialog and the silliness of his fight scenes detract from the film's primary gripping drama.
The cast is nicely supported by Nana Patekar as the warlord, and the elegant Deepti Naval who is outstanding as his long-suffering wife who finally choses to stand up against him in one of the film's best scenes; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as Sanjay's sisters in India, and very pleasing eye candy.
But Sanjay himself overacts terribly, especially during obvious ad-libs.
The directorial style of writer/director Krishna Wamsi is sloppy, rampant with rough transitions and abrupt cuts, although his camera movement is good.
The musical underscore is also quite effective, moody, featuring wordless female voice over a small orchestral ensemble (too bad little if any of that made it onto SHAKTI's soundtrack cd, but Bollywood hasn't yet discovered the value of including score along with songs on their soundtrack albums, at least not in most cases).
But SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's film, all the way, though, and the intensity of her performance once the film switches to India contrasts nicely with the gentle romance with which she engaged with Sanjay in the initial Canadian scenes.
Despite the unevenness of much of the picture, Karisma's performance completely sells the film and solidifies its otherwise inconsistent measures.
In a strange way, also, I found the story to be another take on the ostentation of royalty I'd noticed in CURSE OF THE GOLDEN FLOWER and MARIE ANTOINETTE, both of which I'd seen just prior, although SHAKTI of course is an entirely different kind of film; but the focus on a dysfunctional royal family  here living in the austerity of terrorism-controlled poverty in India rather than the elegance of Versailles or the massive megalomania of feudal China's Tang Dynasty  whose self-serving seeking of power brings ruin upon many others and forces an uprising of one kind or another provides the film with a notable subtext.
I saw this movie when I was a child.
It blew me away.
This was before the days of television, so a movie of this magnitude, could send a young kid into orbit.
It so impressed me, that I went to see this movie for twelve consecutive days.
The special effects used at this time were far ahead of its' time.
Sabu was a real delight, as was Rex Ingram as the Genie.
I found myself singing "I want to be a sailor" for months after the film left town.
I would recommend this movie to any and everyone.
I forgot to mention Conrad Veidt, who was as villainous a character as you'd ever want to meet.
Also, June Duprez was never lovelier than she was in this picture.
The color was outstanding.
Give this movie an AAA!
An absolute classic !!
The direction is flawless , the acting is just superb.
Words fall short for this great work.
The most definitive movie on Mumbai Police.
This movie has stood the test of times.Om Puri gives a stellar performance, Smita Patil no less.
All the actors have done their best and the movie races on thrilling you at every moment.
This movie shakes your whole being badly and forces you to rethink about many issues that confront our society.This is the story of a cop (Om Puri ) who starts out in his career as a honest man but ultimately degenerates into a killer.
The first attempt in Bollywood to get behind the scenes and expose the depressing truth about Mumbai cops.
Kudos to Nihalani !!
After this movie a slew of Bollywood movies got released that exposed the criminal-politician-police nexus.
Thus this movie was truly a trend setter.
This trend dominated the Hindi movie scene for more than a decade.
This movie was a moderate box office hit.
A must-see for discerning movie fans.
Meryl Streep is excellent in her nuanced and stoic performance as the infamous Lindy Chamberlain who was accused and tried for allegedly killing her own baby Azaria Chamberlain and using her alibi of ravenous dingoes as her defense.
Based on the book "Evil Angels" and titled so in its Australian release, A CRY IN THE DARK is an ugly film to watch.
It presents a scenario that's all too real for us in America: the witch-hunt against a person deemed an easy target.Lindy Chamberlain was this woman.
Being someone who spoke her mind, someone who didn't play the sympathy card, and someone who was just tough enough to move on with her life despite her horrific ordeal, she was labeled as suspect and hated beyond comprehension even when it was clear she didn't kill her own child.
The media began a tightening noose and a progressive invasion of privacy that soon had the entire nation glued to their sets as they eviscerated this family piece by piece.
And through it all, Lindy remained as stoic as ever, even when her husband Michael was falling apart.This stance, of course, is the power of strength, as unsympathetic as it may look like, and people happen to react strongly to that.
They want to see a distressed mother cry and weep and occasionally faint at every turn, not sit there and look blank.
People don't understand that not everyone grieves the same way and when someone decides to stand strong they begin speculations.
Meryl Streep embodies this tainted woman to the hilt and in doing so creates a cold, but not unfeeling woman, one that stood by her convictions even if they cost her liberty.
Because of her, Sam Neill is allowed to have his character slowly dissolve into despair -- someone has to, or the Chamberlains would be too detached, and no one wants to see that.
Except the monster that has at the time of this writing become the news-media.
They'll always eat train wrecks up and feed the mangled manure to the uninformed public.
This was a superb episode, one of the best of both seasons.
Down right horror for a change, with a story that is way way above the average MOH episodes, if there is such a thing.
A man's wife is almost burned to death in a tragic car wreck, in which he was driving.
His airbag worked, her's didn't.
She is burned beyond recognition (great makeup btw), and not given much of a chance to live without a full skin graft.
BUT, even in a coma, she keeps dying but brought back by modern technology, and when she does die for a few minutes, her ghost appears as a very vengeful spirit.
Carnage of course ensues, and also some extremely gory killings, and also, some extremely sexy scenes.
What more could you ask for, you might ask?
Well, not much, because this baby has it all, and a very satirical ending, that should leave a smile on most viewers faces.
I just loved Rob Schmidt's (Wrong Turn) direction too, he has a great knack for horror.
Excellent episode, this is one I'm buying for sure.
This movie deals with one of the most feared geriatric diseases among the aging today.
As one who has encountered a number of families who are facing the potential of Alzheimer's or who are in the formative stages, I would suggest that every health care giver recommend this movie to any family facing the trauma of this disease.
The movie is designed primarily to speak to the family of the patient and reaches into the very heart of the struggle.
Casting is excellent and the dramatic portrayal is outstanding with a very commanding plot line.
I saw this when it first came to video, my little sister got it as a gift and I was probably 12 at the time... What stood out for me was the lack of mid-movie conflict that so many movies have, where the main characters get mad at each other because when it comes time to explain themselves they just don't say the one thing that you're shouting at the screen that would make sense of the whole deal, that any person of reasonable intellect would know to say.
This is what I like the most about the movie I guess, that the main characters don't do mean things to each other halfway through... they don't break up and make up, they just grow to like each other more as the movie goes on.These two kids team up and though they seem at first to be from opposite sides of the track, they're not that different.
Loui is actually just some middle class kid that needed to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family, and Cecelia was an upper class kid that just needed to prove to her family that she existed and they would miss her if she was gone.
Anyway, I saw this movie posted on Hulu and had to watch it again... sure there's plot holes if you analyze the script and no, Woog and Dweeb shouldn't be eating hot dogs since they would have been herbivores in reality.Now, what detracts from the film is it's unexpected scariness.
Little kids under the age of 5 would probably be frightened by the scenes with Dr. Screweyes.
And, the addition of him halfway through the movie (though it's blatantly obvious in the first scene that he will make an appearance) is too abrupt... there should be a glimpse of him doing his show earlier in the movie, perhaps to show that it's not that scary without the the dinosaurs.
I guess it just lacked any real present danger for the entire first half of the movie, so that it lacks a little continuity when he appears for the second half.Considering the target audience, who I'm sure can overlook the not so mind blowing animation and dialog issues...
I think I'll give it a pass on those factors too, and just enjoy the story.
It's a great flick for kid and it does stick in your mind... makes you kinda think about how you treat people and it should be revisited every 10 years I think.
A lot has been said about Shinjuku Triad Society as the first true "Miike" film and I thought this sort of description might have been a cliché.
But, like all clichés, it is based on the truth.
All the Miike trademarks are here, the violence, the black humour, the homosexuality, the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character.
Shinjuku is however, one of Miike's most perfectly formed films.
He says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different, but not necessarily better.
I think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so fresh that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not replicate or better the purity of this film.
As you might expect, the violence is utterly visceral, gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face.
(Only a Miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.)
The film has a fantastic pace, unlike Dead or Alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle.
Dead or Alive also deals with similar issues, Miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the Japanese and Chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled well here, the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past.
I cannot sing Shinjuku's praises enough.
I do not want to give away too much.
This is Miike before he began to use CGI to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like Kitano's Sonatine.
The central characters are superbly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll be popping it back on again to work it all out.
I took a flyer in renting this movie but I gotta say, it was very, very good.
On all fronts: script, cast, director, photography, and high production values, etc.
Proves Eva Longoria Parker is head and shoulders in rom/com above bad actors such as Kate Hudson and Jennifer Aniston, who mug and call it acting.
Who'da thunk it?Parker and Isla Fisher are in a class by themselves in this regard and should try to hold out for projects as good as "Over Her Dead Body."
Lake Bell is excellent, too, and this is the first time I have seen her.
And finally, Paul Rudd gets to shine in a really good movie, instead of lesser films.A movie like this never gets its dues from close-minded males.
It's too bad.
As other IMDb reviewers here have noted, there is nothing lame about this gem --no hack writing or acting.
And its depiction of contemporary L.A. and California, in general, makes every scene look bright, beautiful, clean, and otherwise outstanding in every way.
Never before has a movie made L.A. look so good.
Ah, what a little talent and a lot of caring can do for a movie.I won't divulge the plot, but as a long-time and hard-core atheist, I was willing to suspend disbelief and buy into the supernatural theme in order to enjoy an excellent and light-hearted piece of entertainment.
It reminds me very much of the old "Topper" movies, which were also so enjoyable.This movie exposes popular, but otherwise hackneyed, movies like "Ghost" for the mediocre and overly sentimental crap fests they are.
We already know the public taste leans heavily toward the mediocre.
Some of us save our praise for the truly worthy, however.If you have enjoyed other overlooked gems such as "Into the Night" with Michelle Pfeiffer, Jeff Goldblum and Clu Gulager, "Blind Date" with Bruce Willis and Kim Basinger, "American Dreamer" with JoBeth Williams, "Chances Are" with Robert Downey Jr., Christopher McDonald and Cybil Sheppard, "Making Mr.
Right" with John Malkovich, etc., you'll enjoy this.
A first-rate job all around (even if it's kinda hard to believe a straight guy can pretend to be gay for more than five years.)
But even that plot device doesn't detract from the movie's overall excellence.
This is a docudrama story on the Lindy Chamberlain case and a look at it's impact on Australian society.
It especially looks at the problem of innuendo, gossip and expectation when dealing with real-life dramas.One issue the story deals with is the way it is expected people will all give the same emotional response to similar situations.
Not everyone goes into wild melodramatic hysterics to every major crisis.
Just because the characters in the movies and on TV act in a certain way is no reason to expect real people to do so.
This is especially apt for journalists and news editors who appear to be looking for the the big sob scene that will pull the ratings.
It's an issue that has to be constantly addressed.The leads play the characters with depth, personality and sensitivity.
And they are ably supported by a large cast all playing based-on-fact individuals.
Some viewers may be surprised to learn that many of the supporting cast in this story are people better known in Australia as comic actors.
It re-enforces my idea that comic actors make some of the best supports in dramas because with comedy they know how to establish quick impressions of individuals.
(Spoiler warning!
)I have to say something very personal here; in that I am actually an ex-Adventist who was a practicing member in Australia at the time this incident occurred; so I have a slightly different impression of the story than most.
I think it is handled with amazing creativity and personality, and emotional heart.
I think the best scene is the one where the couple are hounded by the new choppers.
It captured the themes of the story brilliantly.I once heard Fred Schepsi say in an interview that he told the actors to "play the best case for their character they could".
While this is especially apt for this story, I think it is also a general principle that should apply to all acting as well.
Yes, that's right, it is.
I firmly believe that the N64 and the weird looking controller were both designed just so this game could be made.
It was amazing the first time I saw it, with its huge environments and colorful characters, and its amazing now.
The play control is perfect, the graphics are beautiful, and it has that Nintendo charm that is always so intangible but undeniably there.
A must have for any N64 owner, and a reason to get an N64 for everyone else.
I initially bought this DVD because it had SRK and Aishwarya Rai on the cover and I thought, hey!
another film starring Aishu and Shah Rukh, little did I know that Aishwarya would only appear in an item number in the last quarter of the film in a song which she shares with SRK and helps introduce his character who is in the film for about just 15 minutes.
Shakti is a film about a mother's love and endurance.
It's a film about transformations, ignorance, coming of age, stepping into the know and embracing the harsh realities of life.
The item number in which SRK and Aishu appear in has nothing to do with the movie.
It's actually a dream sequence that occurs while SRK's drunken character is knocked unconscious by booze.
He dreams that Aishwarya Rai is this sexy street girl who shows up at his favourite hangout spot one day, dressed scantily and begins to seduce him.
The title of the song is 'Ishq Kamina' (loosely translated as "Love's a bitch!")
and it is just plain smoking hot!
Don't miss it.
This is truly truly one of the best movies about love that I've ever seen.
Closely followed by none other than "Before Sunset", which technically isn't another movie at all, since it's about the same two people and the same romance.This is "love" in the real world.
OK, that's only if most people are as intelligent and eloquent as the leads in the movie.
Reading the other reviews, it pleases me to know how so many other folks are crazy over dialog-based movies as well.
And this is what makes "Before Sunrise" so good.
The dialog is perfect.
It's so real, so engaging and funny.
It's hardly a surprise that Jesse and Celine fall in love, 'coz you fall in love with them at the very same time.My favorite scene is the one in the coffee shop, where they pretend to phone their best friends, with the other pretending to be said best friend.
It's PERFECT.
Brings you back to the very moment when you fell in love for the very first time in your life.I must say that if you have a choice, do watch "Before Sunrise" before watching "Before Sunset".
If like me, you watched "Sunset" first, it's hard to shake off the feeling of pity and sadness for the two young lovers throughout the entire show.Once again, the greatest romantic movie in my books.
Wonderful acting, excellent script, and beautiful locations.
Young love, at it's best.
REnted this one accidentally, it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting, didn't find out until i got home, watched it anyways.
Absolutely FANTASTIC!
a wonderful movie, and one of my top three favorite of all time, i recommend it to Everyone!The story is enjoyable and easy to follow, this could have been easily messed up, but the actors and director do a great job of keeping it together.The actors themselves are fantastic, displaying wonderful character and doing a terrific job.
Gotta find a copy somewhere...........
I really have to disagree with guy-yardley-rees who (should he have watched the entire film) would have seen some absolutely stunning Scottish scenery (some of the best ever shot in Skye) and found a film with a difficult start come together into a really poignant whole.This is not a big budget film.
Rather it is a film that has a strong community feel.I can't say how much 'standard' films bore me - pushing out the same polished stuff again and again.
Seachd doesn't seem to be about that at all.
It really seems to be trying to offer something more real and certainly more Gaelic than any recent Scottish film.OK, so the acting isn't in the style a blockbuster.
That's because the actors are seemingly real people.
I actually thought that the key roles of the boy and his Grandfather were really convincing - and at times unusually beautiful.Seachd really bears a second viewing, since there are many threads that become clearer second time around - that really do feed into the ending.Overall, the combination of music and (at times) stunning visuals, plus a community approach to the acting and non-normal structure has turned Seachd into quite a distinctive and memorable film.
More of these please!
This is a good example a film that in spite of the low rating is more than worth watching.
The story is engaging and it doesn't take long before the chemistry between Nicole Kidman and Ben Chaplin grabs your attention.
The acting is first class and the characters are represented well.
Sometimes it feels like the director couldn't decide himself between drama and romantic comedy.
Ben Chiller's portrayal of the law abiding and shy Englishman with porn S.M.
magazines hidden in the bedroom creates plenty of moments for laughs!
As does the look in Nicole Kidman's eyes when she is offering John his first taste of intimacy in a long time... Other times the actors and especially Nicole Kidman give this comedy quite expertly a dramatic slant.
Sure this movie wasn't like.
16 blocks, inside man, an American haunting.
etc...But It was a great mystery that can happen to anyone of us.. i found this movie really great and scary.I live exactly where they filmed this movie "san pedro, California" And we have heard true stories based on incidents of this movie.I dunno if you've heard of the famous boat in long beach "Queen Mary" Well that boat is haunted.
i believe in spirts, illusions, and parallel or however u spell that.
is real.
everybody's in there own universe.and the mind is a powerful thing.i recommend to watch this movie.
it's great, and not bad directing at all.for those who rate it a 1. they don't understand the film.
its meaning.
its plot, its view.
and how bad the ocean life can be for each and everyone of us.Ty.Victor
In order to stop her homosexual friend Albert (Perry King) from being deported back to Belgium, Stella (Meg Foster) decides to marry him.
The only other problem with that is that Stella herself is a lesbian.
The two have their separate lives when one night after Albert's birthday party, they fall into bed and then into love.
Later in the film after falling in love, Stella suspects Albert of cheating and shows up at his job one night late after closing.
What she finds will leave the viewer stunned.
This is a great film, very original.
Perry King and Meg Foster are so good in their roles that it is amazing that they were not better recognized for their work here.
Very controversial upon its release in 1978, the "R" rated film is now "PG" in this much more liberal time.Recently released on DVD, the disc contains a "Making Of" segment on the special features and in it it's stated that the film was based on an actual story so the viewers who say the film is not "real" are mistaken.
Everyone is an individual and different people fall in love for different reasons-these are the issues explored in this wonderful film for everyone who has ever loved!
This film was seen by my wife and I when it came out in 1978.
It was a revelation to us.
We actually thought that we were the only gay and lesbian couple who had ever married and had children.
Obviously we were wrong.
Love may come from where you don't expect it and maybe don't want it.
But we both chose that love anyway.And no, it never changed our sexual orientation.
That kind of stuff is for the Christian wackos.When we were young we both had affairs, but never with the opposite sex.
As we aged we stopped having extramarital affairs.This story is not far fetched.
However, the suggestion that they became heterosexuals seems pretty unrealistic to me.
My wife and I have been sleeping together for the last 40 years.
We are still gay.
End of story.
This is one of the best films I have seen in years!
I am not a Gwyneth Paltrow fan, but she is excellent as Emma Woodhouse.
Alan Cumming is superb as Reverand Elton, and Emma Thompson's sister, Sophie, is hysterical as Miss Bates.
And check out the gorgeous Jeremy Northam as Mr. Knightley; what a gentleman!
Whoever said you need sex and violence in a movie to make it good has never seen Emma.
I think that is what separates it from so many others--it's classy.If you're looking for a film that you can watch with the whole family, or looking for a romance for yourself, look no further.
Emma is that movie.
With a beautiful setting, wonderful costumes, and an outstanding cast (have I mentioned the gorgeous Jeremy Northam?
), Emma is a perfect ten!
A few summer space campers actually were accidently sent into space by a robot.
And the oxygen in ship was running short.
They had to sent someone to a space station to get the gas tanks, etc, etc.First of all, this movie's plot is not possible in real life.
But it gives a warm feelings of anything is possible if you set your heart in.It is amazing to see those young actors who still look about the same after so many years.
(I saw this movie for the first time in the year of 2000, it was filmed in 1986) There are quite a few people in that movie who are still working in Hollywood.The view was great from outer space.
It does not look unreal.
It is about 2 hours long, it runs so fast that you won't even notice.
You know that it is not real, but you just get sucked into it until the end.Overall, it is a good family movie.
What a good movie!
At last a picture revealing a unknown side of rock: illusions of fame.
Well-known Rockers are getting old and forgotten, not the music.
And with a good sense of humour.
Have you ever danced on Bill Haley's Rock Around the Clock?Anyway, Still Crazy is probably the best movie about rock n'roll I have ever seen.
Far much better than Spinal Tap for instance.
Why?
Because in Still Crazy, people are mature.
They have a different point of view about rock, about love and about life.
They want to catch up with their crazy youth they miss so much.
Beyond the story itself, we see characters with their own personality, weaknesses and dreams.
Like anyone of us.Spend a good time watching this (listen to the awesome soundtrack!
)and finally thinking of your own future.Bye!
I don't agree with one of the reviewers who compared this film to the American International Pictures.
Basil Deardon has directed a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post war England (but without the sentimentality of "Blackboard Jungle").
The cinematography was excellent as it really captured the scariness and isolation of the huge housing estate.
The estate looked like an old prison.
Stanley Baker was excellent as the hardened detective, reassigned to the juvenile division - "Urgent, urgent - Larceny - five iced lollies"!!!!
He finds he is the butt of many jokes.
David McCallum showed that he was one of Britain's top young talents of the fifties.
(He had a very different role in another Stanley Baker film "Hell Drivers").
His portrayal of Johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very frightening.
Ann Heywood was also very good as the cynical Cathie.
I wouldn't say there was a romantic subplot in it.Detective Jack Truman is investigating a string of arson attacks by someone labeled the "Firefly".
Just as he finds evidence which could lead to a breakthrough, he is assigned to the Juvenile Division - he is pretty disgusted at what he feels is not proper police work.
Amid all the heckling he gets his first call out - the 6 year old Murphy twins are working a scam at the local lolly shops!!
!Taking the twins home he meets their brother, the charismatic Johnny, and their embittered sister Cathie.
He starts to appreciate how life on the ghastly housing estates can turn young kids into criminals.
As he gets more involved with the family, he realises there is a strong link between the fires, Johnny and a frightened Chinese youth who works for a laundry.
The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role, away from the Hammer horrors) explains that when Johnny was younger he had rescued some people from a burning building and had been hailed a hero.
He wanted to recapture the feeling of importance and being useful and felt he could by lighting fires.
The school siege was filmed in a very real way and the viewer felt the children's fear - the teacher (thinking only of her own safety) runs off and locks them in the room with the frightened gunman!!!
!I thought it was a really excellent film that tried to show some of the social problems Britain experienced after the war.Highly Recommended.
Unfortunately, SpaceCamp came out about the same time as the Challenger Explosion.
Which really put a crimp on when to bring it out or even if they should, bring it out.
I'm glad they did.
I first watched SpaceCamp at a drive-in movie.
Which really enhanced the viewing a lot.While I had heard of Lea Thompson and Tom Skerritt.
I had never heard of the others in the movie.
So, it came as a big shock to me to find all those youngsters acting, and acting real good!
Of course, Kate Capshaw was excellent too.I especially liked the scenes, where those kids were being shown how to act, as a team.
The scenes of the kids being prepared for a trip they could only hope for.
The actual launch of a spacecraft, is of course, old news to us.
However, this one was different.All in all, this is one of my most treasured films.
Escapist maybe, but it was fantastic for a space nut like me.
After probably renting it for 30 - 40 times.
I finally found it available in a certain store and bought it.
Now, if it only comes out on DVD.
I will probably have it forever.
This movie gets a 9 out of 10 from me.
I could see this film is super He didn't surprise to oneself when so that it was taking place for the truth, this way by itself how swigged flight to the which didn't have the place but it is only such an conspiratorial theory, Right?Very I liked watching this film when I was the child.
I am interesting which so that it was if it turned out that such a flight was taking place really, certainly to it for not a belief because it is denying logic and the common sense.
Who at healthy senses, sent to kids with space shuttle into the orbit.
I very like reading for the subject, American and Soviet space programs.
I know a few missions of space shuttles remained provided by CIA with the clause TOP SECRET certainly these are only such my divagations but who knows?
This is a good adaptation of Austen's novel.
Good, but not brilliant.The cinematography is inventive, crossing at times the border to gimmickry, but it certainly avoids the trap of making this look like a boring TV soap in costumes, given that the entire story is dialogue-driven.The acting is competent.
Ms Paltrow is aloof, as her character requires, but the required distance from the other characters is accompanied by a much less appropriate detachment from her own actions.
In other words, she does not seem to care enough of the results of her match-making endeavours.
Some of the supporting cast is guilty of over-acting - very much in the style that is appreciated on stage but out of place in motion pictures.
Personally, I had problems accepting Alan Cumming as Mr Elton - to no fault of his own, except for having left such an impression as a gay trolley-dolly in "The High Life" that it is now difficult to accept him playing any serious part.
Acting honours go to Toni Collette who manages to radiate warmth, and Jeremy Northam who pitches his character at just the right level.
Charlie Kauffman has made weird metaphysical angst popular, but this canadian gem makes it hilarious.
Like most weird films the less said about plot the better but let's set the scene, two friends Anthony and Dave have been together since childhood, they can't cope with the world and eventually this means they no longer have to.
But that is where even more problems begin.I loved this film, it made me smile long after the final credits and that is a rare experience with so many mass produced pieces of "nothing" out there.Don't miss this.
These two men went thru hell and beyond and have produced the movie that conveys the terror that many did not survive.
This is definitely a movie about survival, but not without it's touching moments.The finest piece of work I have seen documenting the 9/11/01 tragedy of New York City.
I have to say I totally loved the movie.
It had it's funny moments, some heartwarming parts, just all around good.
Me, personally, really liked the movie because it's something that finally i can relate to my childhood.
This movie, in my opinion, is geared more towards the young gay population.
It shows how a young gay boy would be treated while growing up.
All the taunting, name-calling, and not knowing is something I, like most other young feminine boys, will always remember, and now finally a movie that illustrates how hard it really is to grow up gay.
So, I would definitely recommend seeing this movie.
Probably shouldn't really watch it until a person is old and mature enough to understand it
From what critics and audiences indicated, BIRTHDAY GIRL had to be a big fat clinker.
Still, because I love Nicole Kidman, I decided to rent it last night.
It proved to be quite worthy of watching.
Sure, it isn't your basic American comedy, and it doesn't take a genius to realize that it is a very British movie, but that's why I liked it.
It was a change from all the other movies around, a breath of fresh air.
Sure, there were some plot holes, but overall it worked.
First off, Kidman was fabulous again in a very different, not very glamorous, but still quite sexy role.
She just keeps proving that she is one of the top talents in Hollywood.
Not only is her Russian accent when she speaks English effective, but there are times when she carries on long conversations in Russian and if you didn't know it was Nicole Kidman, you would never question her authenticity.
Harrison Ford should have taken note in "K-19."
Overall a slight little movie that works despite the horrible buzz.
This series could very well be the best Britcom ever, and that is saying a great deal, considering the competitors (Fawlty Towers, Good Neighbours, to name just two).What made Butterflies so superior, even to the best of the best, is that it did not just exemplify great, classic, classy and intelligent comedy, but it also expanded horizons, reflecting - flawlessly, gently, and at every detail - the great social change that was occurring in Britain at the time.I remember watching this show as a teenager and being in awe of everything about it.
The lifestyle depicted was remarkable in itself.
This was the first time I saw real people using cordless phones.
And the wardrobe of all the characters was far removed from the goofy seventies attire still seen in North America at the time.
Then there were the decors, shop fronts, cars.
These people - even the layabout sons, with their philosophical approach to life and epigrammatic humor - were sophisticated.
They were examples of the "New Europeans" that would come to have an impact on life and style throughout the world in the coming decade (1980s).Of course, the premise was strange and fantastic.
The idea that someone who was living the suburban dream could be so discontent and restless was revolutionary, particularly to North Americans for whom happiness was always defined as money and things (sure the situation was depicted in American movies and TV, but not with the intensity of Butterflies or the movie Montenegro).
And, if the premise was not surprising enough, the means by which it was expressed took it to the extreme.
A potential affair that was not really about sex, or even romance?
Butterflies dazzled many, but it must have left some people smacking their foreheads in disbelief... at the time anyway.Butterflies turned out to be - in so many ways - prophetic.
It documented, ahead of its time - post-modern ennui, all-pervasive lifestyle, the notion of emotional infidelity, and generational disconnect and male discontent (portrayed perfectly by the strained father-son relationships).
It is too bad this series has not been rediscovered in a big way, and all those involved given credit for creating a meaningful snapshot of a certain time and place, and foreseeing all the slickness and angst that was to come.
Gédéon and Jules Naudet wanted to film a documentary about rookie New York City firefighters.
What they got was the only film footage inside the World Trade Center on September 11.Having worked with James Hanlon's ladder company before, Jules went with the captain to inspect and repair a gas leak, while Gédéon stayed at the firehouse in case anything interesting happened.
An airplane flying low over the City distracted Jules, and he pointed the camera up, seconds before the plane crashed into Tower One.Jules asked the captain to follow him into the Towers.
The first thing he saw was two people on fire, something he refused to film.
He stayed on site for the next several hours, filming reactions of the firefighters and others who were there.The brothers Naudet took great care in not making the movie too violent, grizzly, and gory.
But the language from the firefighters is a little coarse, and CBS showed a lot of balls airing it uncensored.
The brothers Naudet mixed footage they filmed with one-on-one interviews so the firefighters could explain their thoughts and emotions during particular moments of the crisis.
Unlike a feature film of similar title, most of the money from DVD sales go to 9/11-related charities.
Very well made, emotional, moving, and completely devoid of political propaganda, is the best documentary of the sort to date.
Spacecamp is one of the movies that kids just love, and mom and dad can have fun watching as well.
Growing up in the 80's I enjoyed this movie, it's plot and all the actors.
I recently purchased this movie on DVD so when I have kids of my own, they will be able to have as much fun watching this movie as I did.
The plot is fun, A group of kids, embark on a journey they never expected, when they were rocketed into space by a overachieving robot.
They were in auh at first but when they realized they didn't have enough oxygen to make it back panic sunk in.
Once they recovered enough oxygen from the space station they returned to earth as even better friends and a new found respect for life.
Leonard Maltin must've been watching some other movie.
(Though I find his Guide to be quite a valuable resource, please disregard his comments on this one.)
He states "starts off well then fizzles" when it's really the reverse - "starts off tepid then catches fire".
The plot is about as simple as it gets.
Happy Mom, Happy Dad and Happy Son take a vacation at an isolated beach, Dad incapacitated in accident, Mom runs off to get help, meets up with dangerous escaped convict.
Mom tries to trick convict into helping while Dad waits and hangs on for dear life.Good white-knuckler given an electric jolt by Ralph Meeker, appearing suddenly (the director, John Sturges, films it in a clever way that will make you gasp) around halfway through as the cunning, desperate criminal.
Meeker is an unusually flippant, reckless actor (at least here and in the classic "Kiss Me Deadly") and he happily snatches the keys to the film's narrative and speeds off with the top down.
His character has a habit of grinning childishly and saying "Pretty neat, huh?"
when he's especially pleased with his misdeeds.
There is a funny break in the action when they get a flat tire and he tersely instructs his hostage, Barbara Stanwyck, "Don't go away".
She fires back "Where would I go?"
(they're in the middle of nowhere) and he realizes sitcom-ishly "Yeah, that's right".
The friction between them is a hoot.There are flaws, somewhat ridiculous ones.
There's one scene where the police, who have been chasing after Meeker for some time, stop Stanwyck's car and to evade detection Meeker rests his head on her shoulder like a loving husband supposedly would, and pretends to be asleep as she's being questioned.
A.
He looks conspicuously un-masculine in this pose and B. I think it's safe to say that any adult who appears to be asleep during an encounter with law enforcement would certainly arouse suspicion.Still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion.
Pleasant story of the community of Pimlico in London who, after an unexploded WW2 bomb explodes, find a Royal Charter stating that the area they live in forms part of Burgundy.This movie works because it appeals to the fantasy a lot of us have about making up our own rules and not having to listen to THEM.
A solid cast of British stalwarts, especially Stanley Holloway, makes this more believable.There are some very nice moments in the film, such as when the people have ran out of supplies and other Londoners on the other side of the barricade start throwing food and other things over to them.Even though you always knew Pimlico would become part of the UK again, the people of PImlico and as a consequence the viewer doesn't mind when this happens, leaving a nice happy feeling.It's amazing to think that these low budget movies from a small studio in London still remain so popular over fifty years later.
The producers must have got something right.
This is a decent little flick made in Michigan, about a guy that is haunted by his past, with his abusive stepfather (Gunnar Hansen) and has grown up not-so-well-adjusted.
In fact, he's absolutely bonkers, but tries not to be too obvious.
He's got an entourage too, his own little demon & angel that follow him around.
The demon never says a word but really, doesn't have to, and he's Max Schreck-creepy.
Let's just say that the angel pretty much spins his wheels in this, as Eric is busy doing things that make him feel better, like "freeing" people that he decides need it, mostly beautiful young women.
This is a decent portrayal of madness, and you're kind of on your own at some point to figure out some of what's going on, but overall, I watched this from start to finish very focused on the film because it definitely held my interest.
It's a little lacking in some areas but nothing I can really lay my finger on.
A decent effort and worth seeing IF you like serial killer flicks.
Yowsa!
If you REALLY want some ACTION, check out the babes and bombs on this non-stop thriller!
Veteran star MARTIN SHEEN leads a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism... but director Dean Hamilton doesn't let this heavy plotline get in the way of massive doses of TEENSY-SWIMSUIT scenes, jiggly beach jogs, hubba-hubba hot tubs and the like!
Want action?
You'll get more of it here than in PEARL HARBOR.
Want babes?
You'll get an eyeful every two minutes.
Want more?
Go out and BUY THIS VIDEO!
Yowsa, Yowsa, Yowsa!
That's some mighty spicy meatballs!!
!
This story is a complex and wonderful tale of the last Harem of the Ottoman empire, well told and provoking we see the inner workings of a world now gone, and learn about the people who lived there.I enjoyed the story, characters, acting and scenes.
A few scenes suffered from quick editing and the sub titles sometimes disappeared too quickly, otherwise a wonderful piece.The main character Safiya is played wonderfully by Marie Gillain who I am pleased to say did a fantastic job without over doing it.
The scenes with her and Alex Descas (Nadir) are charming and lovely.I recommend this film for anybody looking to watch something less Hollywood and more authentic to the world they are emulating.
This film takes you to another time when there was a different pace to everyday life.
We get an idea how families had to deal with the war and how quickly we sent young men off to fight.
A very touching look at the past and a reminder that casualties of war don't just happen on the front.Luckily many of us have never had to go through what our great-grandparents, grandparents or parents went through during a war.
This film, I think, is a small thank you.
Peter Outerbridge looks amazingly like a young Peter O'Toole and Russell Crowe is absolutely charming and as Australian as he can be.
It's definitely worth listening to him recite "High Flight" and makes me wonder what he might accomplish with Shakespeare.
The French Naudet brothers did something nobody else did, they had a video camera the day that this tragedy happened.
They were in Building #2, when you could see papers drifting down, people hitting the ground from jumping from such a height.I mean it goes as far as when both buildings collapsed they went running, their camera was still running, when the white dust covered them, they found a shop doorway and got inside, but all this footage is real and I think they did a fantastic job of capturing it for us.Ten stars goes to the Naudet brothers that filmed this extraordinary film that I watch every 9/11 so I'll never forget what this country went through.
I believe if I remember right, it shows the first death of the priest of the firefighters, while he was being carried to the church and his honorable funeral.
Let me get the bad out of the way first, James Hanlon is absolutely terrible trying to act his descriptions of what was going on with the rookie training and events of the day.
Really it is in stark contract to the other fire fighters without acting aspirations who are natural in their delivery.That said it is an amazing film that is impossible to watch without tears in my eyes.
I am an English guy from London but I love New York and have visited many many times before and after September 11th.
It is a second home to me and I can't help but feel devastated at the loss of life but also the destruction of part of such an amazing beautiful city.
This is the real deal, in with the fire fighters with everything collapsing around them.
I am so glad the footage exists to show people how it was on the day.
It is a shame that they didn't use any footage of people jumping from the buildings because friends who were there tell me this is such a major part of their memory, it should be included to show future generations just how terrible it really was.Conspiracy theorists can go to hell by the way.
I didn't approach "Still Crazy" with any real anticipation.
Just another rock'n'roll picture, I figured... good nostalgia for the baby boomers.
This film is partially that, but so much more.
Brian Gibson, the director, previously helmed a biography of Tina Turner, and is quite successful in his style.
I suppose it is fitting that this was his last film.The cast is well-chosen.
Bill Nighy is perfect in his role as the band's frontman.
Actor-turned-director Bruce Robinson appears as the band's washed-up guitarist.
He does a superb job, even though he hasn't appeared on film since the late 70's.
If you're looking for an touching and funny film (with some great songs), you've found it.7.4 out of 10
I thought I should qualify my position after reading other reviews.
The movie is not great, but it has a lot of great elements.
The lighting and scenes along with the camera work are great.
The story is slow and weak, but entertaining.
The acting is bad, but no worse than you will find on the SyFy Channel.
The music is pretty good and the gore is good.
It has the great Leather Face in the film and is produced by Bruce Campbell.
I watched the complete movie and while mostly predictable, it was still enjoyable.
The women are attractive enough and the lead actor does a good job of being brooding and creepy.
The movie was remarkably clean for a modern film and the violence appropriate for children 13 and up.
There was no sex scenes.
I gave it 7 out of 10 and I think that is fair.
I would watch it again if I had nothing better to do.
The gay sounding angel was the most annoying aspect of the film, the devil is quite creepy.
This movie will always be a Broadway and Movie classic, as long as there are still people who sing, dance, and act.
enjoyed the movie and efficient Confucian crime drama, the old order survives the threat posed by a brash young greedy man, no doubt representing modern society.
I thought the final scene was strange and could not understand if we were to believe that big D was being punished for being greedy or it was part of the plan a long.
I loved the scene and for once in a Chinese movie, the violence was not a choreographed martial arts fest.
On thing that always amuses me about HK films is that the main influence the British seem to have had is to introduce 'yes sir' and 'sorry' into the local language and its amusing that long after we have gone, they are still there.
Jeopardy has the feel of being a stock movie of sorts - one of the movies that the studios pumped out inbetween big budget/box office ones.
It's a mere 70 minutes and doesn't feature many sets, and the only star is Barbara Stanwyck.
But what a star, of course.
Stanwyck is a tough lady once again as she runs into an escaped convict while seeking help for her trapped husband in the Mexican desert.
The majority of the movie is focused on how she deals with her captor, who wants her to submit to him in exchange for his help.
Some psychological battling there.
It's a surprisingly effective little movie - its short length makes it taut, and that Stanwyck is great should go without mention (but I'll still praise her every time).
As usual, Hollywood stereotyped EVERYONE in the movie.
But, this one is a classic - from the uptight white collar banker to the Russian woman!!
Well done.
Even facial expressions were great!
Language was perfect (even in Russian language) and Nicole did a splendid job!!
Hey guys - you get what you pay for:)
A thin story with many fine shots.
Eyecatchers here are the three ladies from the D.R.E.A.M.
team.
And, to a lesser extent, the guy accompanying them.
Traci Lords convincingly acts out the female half of an evil business-couple intending to poison the world with antrax.
Original in this movie is the bra-bomb, put on a captured member of the D.R.E.A.M.-team.
Of course she is rescued by a co-member, three seconds before explosion.
Although clearly lent from James Bond's 'Goldfinger' and 'You only live twice', such a climax always works well.
All in all a nice watch, James Bond replaced here by three Charlie's Angels.
Very interesting and moving documentary about the World Trade Center tragedy on 11th September 2001.The main theme of it is the heroism of American fire-fighters who tried to rescue as many people as they could.The film is deeply emotional and rather disturbing-many people seen on screen have lost their lives!Recommended.
Gorgeous Barbara Bach plays Jennifer Fast, a television reporter who travels with her crew (Karen Lamm and Lois Young) to Solvang, California, to cover a Danish festival.
The problem is that their accommodations have fallen through and all hotels in town are full.
So they travel out of town to a remote location and take advantage of the hospitality of the seemingly friendly Ernest Keller (a phenomenal Sydney Lassick).
Wouldn't you know it, Ernest and meek partner Virginia (Lelia Goldoni) are hiding a big secret in their cellar: pitiable, deformed, diaper-clad "Junior" (Stephen Furst, in a remarkable performance) who ultimately terrorizes the girls.A deliciously unhinged Lassick plays the true monster in this disturbing little horror movie.
It builds slowly but surely to an intense confrontation / climax, delivering the horror in small doses until the final half hour.
The hotel and the foreboding cellar - large echoes of "Psycho" here - are great settings.
Most of all, the perverse plot involves incest and patricide, allowing the movie to take on a truly dark quality.
And yet it also becomes poignant as we realize Junior is no one-dimensionally evil bogeyman but as much a victim as the girls.
The final shot is especially sad.
"The Unseen" is a solid little horror flick worthy of discovery.8/10
This series was a cut above the rest of the TV detective series of the day but somehow didn't find an audience.The idea of a blind detective may not be totally new but added so much to the story.
And who could forget Pax, the beautiful guide dog in the series!Whilst the stories themselves may have been no better than the average series, the settings , in New Orleans, the acting and the music (I note the comment about the music score in other comments ...I remember that clearly) all work to make a good television series even better!Well you never know ...one day Paramount might just dig into its archives and release it on DVD!
... than this ;-) What would happen if Terry Gilliam and Douglas Adams would have worked together on one movie?
This movie starts with a touch of Brazil... when, at a certain point, the story moves straight into the twilight zone... bringing up nothing new, but just nothing... and nothing is great fun!
When Dave and Andrew starts to explore their new environment the movie gets really enjoyable... bouncing heads?
well... yes ;-) anyway... this movie was, imho, the biggest surprise at this year's FantasyFilmFest...Just like in Cube and Cypher Natali gave this one a minimalistic, weird but very special design, which makes it hard to locate the place of the story or its time... timeless somehow...
I love Monte Carlo and thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
I thought everyone was very good.
I was not familiar with Richard Lewis, I thought he made his character (Julian Peters) very personable, funny and attractive.
Sean Young was very good as the befuddled rejected girl with a heart of gold.
George Hamilton was charming and the perfect Italian gigolo.
John Candy has a field day as the bon vivant.
James Belushi is hysterical as a total jerk.
Cybill Shepard gave a very sweet performance as a nice vulnerable ignored housewife.
Delightful ensemble cast.
Lots of talent, clever script, lots going on and beautiful locations.
Just a nice pick me up for a dreary day.
Especially in the winter when a trip to Europe is not anywhere on your horizon.
This movie was very funny, I couldn't stop smiling when watching this and have already watched it twice in a period of 2 days!
The movie is distinctively unique in it's humor and visuals, both are terrific and on par with Natali's other (more serious) movie gems Cube and Cypher.
I have become a huge Vincenzo Natali fan ever since watching Cypher and everything he's made is very interesting.Very likable about this movie are the music and "loser" characters Dave and Andrew, portrayed by David Hewlett and Andrew Miller (co-writer of the story), actors I both like very much.
Also cool are the X-Box Dead Or Alive fights (you even see Dave playing Halo at a point) and Andrew's amazing guitar solo, among many other things.All in all a great feel-good film about friendship.
You have to see this!
I would reccomend this film to everyone.
Not only to the fans of the rocker Luciano Ligabue, but to all film-buffs.
Because it's sincere, moving, funny and true.
Because Ligabue is a born storyteller and a film lover, and every frame of his film is made with love and care.
Because his characters are loved and ask to be loved.
Because most of the Italian debut films are lousy and this one, done by an outsider, is a real joy to watch and to listen at.
Because Stefano Accorsi is gorgeous and reminds me of Andrea Pazienza, who was, like Freccia, beautiful and talented and good and lost his life because of the heroin, that Ligabue shows as it is, unglamorous and ugly, without indulging in easy moralisms.
Because it's a film that speaks to our heart, our ears, our souls.
And because I lived the experience of the FM radios and it was exactly like that.
Thanks, Luciano!
Hello, I was alanrickmaniac.
I'm a Still Crazy-holic.
It was just another movie I watched partly on TV.
Then I had to get the video tape to finally find out how it ends.
Then I wanted the DVD, because the tape showed first signs of decay after a few weeks.
After the DVD I had to lay my hands on the soundtrack.
Then on several film posters and the film script.
Right now it has become that worse that I try to push other people into addiction with my website and Still Crazy parties.
How could that happen?
What drove me into addiction?
OK, it's one of those funny but somehow sad and melancholic intelligent comedies like only the British can produce.
Alright, the movie is worlds apart from stuff like ''This Is Spinal Tap'', because of the characters, that aren't childish or ultra cool, but real.
This is a story about men getting older, too.
A story about men getting along with each other.
Or don't.
It contains some of the best actors possible.
Tim Spall.
Stephen Rea.
Bruce Robinson.
Jimmy Nail.
And Bill Nighy.
Bill Nighy who puts on one of the best performances I've ever seen in a film.Good, the soundtrack is unbelievable.
Foreigner's Mick Jones has written the songs for the imaginary band Strange Fruit.
Jimmy Nail who plays bass-man Les Wickes and Bill Nighy portraying the egocentric but awkward singer Ray Simms are really singing.
We know that about Jimmy Nail, but if you've only heard Bill Nighy's singing in "Love Actually", you have no idea how great and powerful his voice is.
Well, you'll fever for every scene to come for the x-th time, especially those concert scenes.
You'd die to be able to really stand in the dancing crowd when Strange Fruit is doing "All Over The World", singing on the top of your lungs.
You long to cry and celebrate with thousands of people the rebirth of the real Strange Fruit at Wisbech's festival stage.
It's hard but...
I'm addicted to this film.
I'm addicted to Strange Fruit.
If there's a world where this band really exists I'd like to move there.
Got Still Crazy... anyone?
The perfect space fantasy film.
a group of kids go up accidentally in space and have to get back down, but do they, sure they do.This would not be a family film if they all died.
Then it will all be sad.
You don't want that Kate Capsaw, the leading lady gives a Golden Globe performance, but sadly, she nor Lea Thompson won one.
That sucks so bad.I can't say it enough, this film is so great, Lea Thompson- o lord, a perfect girl for this film.
This film is the best for sure.
Sorry, but better than Star Wars.
Star Wars is so over- rated and space camp was so under- rated.
It should of been the other way aroundexcellent 10/10- 0r maybe 11/10.
Iam not good at math
John (Ben Chaplin) is a lonely bank clerk who lives in a small town not far from London.
Though the Internet, he contacts a Russian agency of brides.
He selects Sophia (Nicole Kidman  the guy could be lonely and shy, but certainly has a good taste, doesn't he?)
and when they met each other, he realizes that she does not speak English.
The communication between each other is basically limited by sex (again, imagine, what a terrible situation for the guy, just have some kinky sex with Nicole Kidman!).
On her birthday, two Russian friends of her visit them.
Then, lots of surprises will happen.
I liked this movie: first, it is almost impossible to be 'labeled'.
Is it a black comedy, an action, a thriller movie?
I believe all the choices are correct.
Nicole Kidman is gorgeous as usual, and I am very curious about her Russian: is she speaking Russian in a correct accent indeed, or just faking?
Anyway, I found it an enjoyable movie.
My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): "A Isca Perfeita" ("The Perfect Bait")
An opium den, a dirty little boy (actually a midget), prostitutes galore, a violent fracas in a dive, a motel for sexual shenanigans, scantily clad babes with cleavage a lot, a boozer falling down the stairs, a racially mixed clientèle in a bar with Asians, Africans, and Anglos treated equally, does this sound like a film playing at the local shopping mall?
Wrong.
These are all scenes from a 1933 musical.The first half of "Footlight Parade" is preparation for a musical extravaganza which occupies the last half of the film.
Chester Kent (Cagney) is about to lose his job and does lose his playgirl wife as a result of talking pictures squeezing out live stage musicals.
His producers take him to see a popular talky of the day, John Wayne in "The Big Trail."
Before each showing of the flick, a dance number is presented as a prologue.
Shorts, news reels, serials, and cartoons would later serve the purpose.
Kent gets the idea that a prologue chain would be the road to salvation for the dwindling live musical business.
Kent is basically an idea man along the lines of choreographer Busby Berkeley.
Could it be that Cagney's character is patterned after Berkeley?
Could be.
In preparation for the prologues, Kent learns that his ideas are being stolen by a rival.
He uncovers the traitor, fires him, then unbeknown to him a new leak is planted in the form a dazzling temptress.
His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - soon to be Mrs. Dick Powell) has the hots for Kent and is determined to expose the wiles of the temptress.
A new singer from Arkansas College shows up in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell) who turns out to be a real find and is paired with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler).
The resulting three prologue musicals, which couldn't possibly have been presented on any cinema stage of the day, are as fresh and enjoyable today as they were over seventy years ago, "Honeymoon Hotel," "By a Waterfall," and "Shanghai Lil.
"Of special note is the song and dance of tough-guy James Cagney.
Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Cagney's dancing appeared natural and unrehearsed, although hours went into practice to get each step just right.
Not as good a singer as Astaire, Cagney's singing, like Astaire's, sounded natural, unlike the crooning so popular at the time.
It's amazing that one person could be so talented and so versatile as James Cagney.Most critics prefer the "Shanghai Lil" segment over the other two.
Yet the kaleidoscopic choreography of "By a Waterfall" is astonishing.
How Berkeley was able to film the underwater ballets and to create the human snake chain must have been difficult because it has never been repeated.
The close up shots mixed brilliantly with distant angles is a must-see.
The crisp black and white photography is much more artistic than it would have been if shot in color.
Though not nearly as socially conscious as "Gold Diggers of 1933," "Footlight Parade" stands on its own as one of the most amazing and outrageous musicals ever put on the big screen.
This is a good movie, but it is not recommended if you don't like intelligent movies.
It's about two guys that wish that the world would go away,and that's exactly what they get.
The acting is great, the ending was not predictable,and it actually had a good story unlike most movies these days.
People complain about the movie being too simple or too boring.
I think they should just stick to movies like The Toxic Avenger (I actually like B movies) or The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy.
One note: If you notice this, this has exactly the same actors from Cube except four actors.
Make it two notes: Wait after the credits (Trust me on this one).
Enjoy the movie.
By no means my favourite Austen novel, and Paltrow is by no means my favourite actress, but I found the film almost totally delightful.
Paltrow does a good job, and Cummings, Stevenson and the one who plays 'Miss Bates' are all absolutely terrific.
The period detail is not alienating; the feel of the movie is just right, in fact.
But the real 'find' is Jeremy Northam as Mr Knightley.
There could not be more perfect casting, IMO.
I hated Mr K in the novel, but found him wonderfully human and humane in the film.
Northam's good looks and smiling eyes are no hindrance to enjoyment, either!
Highly recommended.
AnaR
Good, funny, straightforward story, excellent Nicole Kidman (I almost always like the movies she's in).
This was a good "vehicle" for someone adept at comedy and drama since there are elements of both.
A romantic comedy wrapped around two crime stories, great closing lines.
Chaplin, very good here, was also good in another good, but unpopular romantic comedy ("Truth about Cats & Dogs").
Maybe they're too implausible.
Ebert didn't even post a review for this.
The great "screwball" comedies obviously were totally implausible ("Bringing up Baby", etc.).
If you've seen one implausible comedy, you've seen them all?
Or maybe people are ready to move on from the 1930s.
Weird.
Birthday Girl is a movie I've enjoyed several times.
Nicole Kidman may be the "killer app" for home video.
I watched this as part of my course at Aberystwyth University and it baffles me how this does not have a distributor in the UK.
Well actually, it doesn't, because this film is everything a Hollywood film isn't - original, creative, quirky and humorous.
It seems that today no-one really wants to see this type of movie as, in the simplest terms, it doesn't conform to the generic conventions most young viewers look for in a film.I haven't written a review for the IMDb for ages but felt inclined to give this film a special mention, even if it is during my 30 minute break between classes!
Essentially, it is about nothing, as the two main characters are plunged into their own world of nothingness through a hate of the world.
The brilliance here is how the director sustains interest through the majority of the run time with only two characters and when the only mise-en-scene consists of half a house and a vast white, empty space.
This is due in large part to the stellar performances of the actors, both of whom offer some great laughs while at the same time being able to add significant emotional depth to their roles.I'd love to write some more but am on quite a time limit.
However I encourage anyone and everyone to give this film a try.
A very unique concept is brought to the screen in a coherent and well-executed fashion, with the combination of good performances, a strong script, nice sound design and (fairly) impressive visuals creating a very entertaining movie.It's just a shame so few people know about Nothing....
An excellent cast makes this movie work; all of the characters are developed exceedingly well and it's clear that the actors enjoyed filming this movie.It's not quite the comedy I expected, much more a lighthearted look at the attempt to reclaim youthful glory than bawdy humor.
For music fans there are quite a few subtle references that in themselves are intelligently funny.I hate drawing direct comparisons to other movies, but so much of this movie reminded me of Alan Parker films I can't help it: imagine if The Commitments actually did make it big -- and then tried to recapture said glory 25 years later.
Every time this film is on the BBC somebody in the Radio Times says how it is a satire against the post war world of rationing and the welfare state.
I do not think this is the point of the film at all.
The film parodies the spivs(small time criminals who ran the blackmarket) and the housewives league who campaigned against government restrictions but were really a Tory front organisation.Yes of course the film sends up the political/social situation but in the end the people realise that they need all the controls to ensure a fair society,they want to be British and muddle through rather than foreign.But I don't think they go back to being exactly like they were before.
This movie maked me cry at the end!
I watch at least 3-4 movies a week.
I seen loads of great movies, even more crap - ones.
But when ending scene - catharsic at it's core - came I Cried!
And if you didn't - you have serious problems!
The story is archetypal - nothing new or original.
But it's real - because that sort of things really happened and that people really exist.
Glam isn't my sort of music but I really admire all that they went through in early 70's... At some point this directed me toward Velvet Goldmine!
Docudramas never really work very good.
But this movie really meked us believe it all...Because they don't try to make it as a path full of glorious concerts, present musicians that are superheroes, groupie girls that are stupid and emotionally numb, they don't glorify drugs and alcohol, they promote rehabilitation and redemption that comes even 20 years late... Once again great movie.
Since "Leaving Las Vegas" I was never so moved by a movie.
Russell, my fav, is gorgeous in this film.
But more than that, the film covers a tremendous range of human passion and sorrow.
Everything from marriage to homosexuality is addressed and respected.
The film makes the viewer realize that tolerance of other humans provides the route to saving humanity.
Fabulous love story between Lachlin and Lil.
I replay their scenes over and over again.
Anyone who has ever been in love will empathize with these people.
All characters are cast and portrayed excellently.
This movie has an all star cast, John Candy, Richard Lewis, Ornella Mutti, Cybill Shepard, and Jim Belushi to name a few, run amuck in Monte Carlo, as well as some other beautiful European locations, and is very funny.
The trouble that everyone gets in when they lie to protect themselves is great, and I highly recommend that you see this movie, it is well worth it!
John Candy is in top form in Once Upon A Crime, as is everyone else!
If you and your family are looking for a great family film, this is your ticket.
Everyone gives stellar performances, great acting, great comedy, and great timing, which is rare in movies these days.
Great plot, great mystery, (which I love anyways) and overall, well worth the money you spend on it.
So get the kids, grab some popcorn, juice, or tea, or sodas, and enjoy the show!!!
!
First off, I must say that I made the mistake of watching the Election films out of sequence.
I say unfortunately, because after seeing Election 2 first, Election seems a bit of a disappointment.
Both films are gangster epics that are similar in form.
And while Election is an enjoyable piece of cinema... it's just not nearly as good as it's sequel.In the first Election installment, we are shown the two competitors for Chairman; Big D and Lok.
After a few scenes of discussion amongst the "Uncle's" as to who should have the Chairman title, they (almost unanimously) decide That Lok (Simon Yam) will helm the Triads.
Suffice to say this doesn't go over very well with competitor Big D (Tony Leung Ka Fai) and in a bid to influence the takeover, Big D kidnaps two of the uncles in order to sway the election board to his side.
This has disastrous results and heads the triads into an all out war.
Lok is determined to become Chairman but won't become official until he can recover the "Dragon Head Baton", a material representation of the Chairman's power.
The current Chairman, Whistle (Chung Wang) has hidden the baton somewhere in mainland China and the race is on to see who can recover it first.Much of the film is devoted to the recovery of the Baton.
As both aspiring leaders search for it they must dodge cops and opposite sides, which leads into one of the stand out scenes in Election, which involves an underling named Jet (Nick Cheung), a machete, and lots of bad guys.
Nick Cheung's presence is attention grabbing to say the least...
I wonder if this influenced director Johhnie To in any way while making the second Election, as he does deliver more of Jet's character in the sequel.While Nick Cheung gives a scene stealing performance, I must not fail to give due to the rest of the film's actors.
Election has a great ensemble cast with well thought out performances that are both subtle and impacting.
Simon Yam is his usually glorious self and the film also benefits from heavyweight HK actors like Louis Koo, Tony Leung Ka Fai, and the under-appreciated Suet Lam.
There really aren't any weak links in the acting and one could easily believe that they're watching real gangsters.Although the performances are great, one of the most impressive things about Election is Johnnie To's eye for the camera.
There are some truly striking shots in the film and it goes without saying that To definitely knows how to frame his shots, as the viewer is treated to a series of innovative and quite brilliant camera placings and angles.
All of which makes Election, above all, a great looking film.My issues with the film arises mostly out of the shear amount of characters involved in Election.
It gets a bit hard to follow because the film is so full of characters that aren't integral to the plot.
While the sequel opts to focus more on the two candidates, the first Election offers the election process as a whole with tons of Uncles, underlings, and police officers crowding the storyline.
Maybe the film would have worked better if it would have been a bit longer with more time dedicated to the inner workings of the Triad, or if Director Johnnie To would have funneled down the necessary elements and expounded on them more.
Bottom Line- All in all, this is a wonderfully brutal film with a great cast, excellent direction, and leisurely pacing that packs a punch.
It's just a little more complicated than it needed to be.
Though not in the whole film, Andy Griffith again plays his role best in this CBS tv-movie.
The plot is easy-Griffith's character dies and his last wish is that his wife and kids scatter his ashes is the place he named (Mountains Somewhere).
Though it will never be seen on TV and never be released on video, if you do get the chance to watch this--TAKE IT.
"Footlight Parade" is just one of several wonderfully jaunty musicals that Warner Bros. produced in the early 1930's to ward off the Depression.
"42nd Street" and the Golddiggers series were also produced during this era, and they made literally, millions of Americans forget their troubles for a little while, and enjoy themselves.While most of the films produced had the great talents of Joan Blondell, Ruby Keeler, and Dick Powell, only Foolight Parade had the incomparable James Cagney.
Almost ten years prior to his most well-known musical, "Yankee Doodle Dandy".
Here he dances in that most original of dance styles, with his arms usually lowered at his side, and his legs doing all types of undulations and kicks.
It's easy to see that he is enjoying himself, and that makes us enjoy him all the more.While almost all of the musical sequences appear at the end of the film, they are well worth the wait.
I believe that this film was made just prior to the installation of the production code, so some of the costumes and scenes are a bit risqué.
But it's all in fun.It doesn't matter what the plot of the film is, just know that there are plenty of laughs and a superlative cast.
Besides those already mentioned, Guy Kibbee is at his flustered best here.7 out of 10
I think it unfortunate that the leading comments on this movie include the words "Clueless and appalling nonsense."
I think it is a very funny movie and excellent entertainment.
One has to suspend one's disbelief that a homosexual man and a lesbian woman could fall in love, have a child and live together happily ever after.
But it is always wonderful to see it played out in a movie and have one's heart warmed.
Is it so impossible?
There are far more implausible events described in other movies.
The acting is good, the script is funny.
The only negative comment is that the story could well have ended when the family drives away from its initial house instead of extending on to explore whether the man retains any residual homosexuality.
This movie is best described or compare to "Big Fish" (the movie by Tim Burton).
But it's a less glamorous and more in you face tale.
And of course here it's not the father, but his grandfather who tells the stories.The movie's narrative also moves back and forth (so the story outline here at IMDb, might tell you more than you would like to read, before watching the movie).
It's funny and engaging enough, even though you get from one story to another and have some dramatic moments too.
It also surprises you here and there, with things you wouldn't expect.
A nice little movie then, that deserves your attention, especially if you like movies like that!
:o)
Having seen CUBE, I've been a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work.
Natali seems to have this inept ability to take a storyline, and hardly wring it our like a wet towel for all the storyline he can muster.
Instead, he lets the stories themselves unfold in natural ways, so much in fact, that you may in fact believe there is this Cube were people try to escape, or in the case of NOTHING, a large empty expanse where there is... nothing!
The advert had me hooked instantly.
It seemed so simple!
Take two characters who no one likes, and send them to a world where there is nothing.
Natali does this so simply that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing cannot exist.
In fact, the world of nothing becomes something of an irony within the film.
There's nothing there, but also 'something' there.It might be a good time to point out that the trailer is highly misleading.
I was fortunate enough to actually understand that the film leaned to a more comedic side than the trailer otherwise told so.
Therefore upon watching the film, i laughed every now and again, whereas someone who the advert mislead may find themselves utterly confused.If i may take a minute to give the film some praise, where the film excels on is the concept.
It is a genius concept to have a world of nothing, and to put two characters there, NOT two brilliant minded characters, who will philosophise and work out their surroundings, but two idiots who have absolutely no clue as to where the hell they are!
Another strong point is the film's cinematography, though at first this may not seem it!
Where each wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, a perception of depth becomes faulty.
It is hard to determine where things are placed in the Mis-En-Scene.
The cinematography has many moments where this actually happens, but for the most part, the camera is placed so that two characters, or an object and a character are placed in the foreground and background, allowing a sense of depth to be realised.However, this film does lack in certain areas.
The film is relatively short, but even so, after a while the novelty of this world of nothing becomes rather dull, and you wish to find some form of resolution within the plot.
We can also argue that the acting is once again, questionable.
These two characters are in a sense, unlikeable, therefore we feel no sympathy at any point for these characters.
However, on a flip side of that, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems real enough, but there is something lacking.Even so, i do rank this as a thoroughly enjoyable film!
Do not let the trailer fool you into thinking this is another science-fiction horror film.
It is much more of a comedy than that!
It is indeed worth watching though, purely for the concept itself!
Far by my most second favourite cartoon Spielberg did, after Animaniacs.
Even if the ratings were low, so what, I still enjoyed it and loved it, was so funny and I adored the cast, wow Jess Harnell and Tress Macneille were in there and were just fantastic, the whole cast were brilliant, especially the legendary Frank Welker.I'd love to see this cartoon again, was so awesome and the jokes were brilliant.
Also I can remember the hilarious moment where Brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the PATB theme instrumental, that was just fantastic, I love it in those cartoons when cameos pop in.
I wish this cartoon and Animaniacs came back, i loved them
My cable TV has what's called the Arts channel, which is a "catch-as-catch-can" situation sometimes, sometimes films, sometimes short clips of films or ballets, and I came into this just as the bar scene came on, where they tear up their coupons.
Excellent, exquisite, Ealing wins again, my wartime-Glasgow-raised mother would love this, should I ever find a copy of it.
Some of Britain's best artists, from Mr Holloway to Wayne and Radford and the delicious Miss Rutherford, having a wonderful time gently sticking it to the Home Office.
Loved the last scene, where as soon as they are "back in England!"
the temperature plummets and it rains...
Now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title.
If you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review?
Anyhow, I borrowed the video from a friend of mine and fell in love with this movie immediately.
This movie is chock full of wonderful gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a viewing experience!
If you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, watch this great flick!
If you're a a fan of either or both Chuck Norris & Judson Mills then this is the movie to see.It has a lot of adventure in it.It is a great follow up to President's Man.The chemistry between the main three stars(Chuck Norris,Judson Mills,Jennifer Tung)is incredible.My personal opinion.This movie along with the original,has turned out so well,that the networks should consider turning it into a regular series.If you've seen President's Man,i recommend this movie for you.If you've seen President's Man:A Line In The Sand but you haven't seen President's Man,then let me suggest that you do.You will not be disappointed with either one.
**Warning!
Mild Spoilers Ahead!
**(Yes, I realize it's tough to spoil an historical documentary, but I do reveal some of the backstory and methods.
)This is an exceptional documentary not just because of the remarkable footage, but also due to the story behind it.
Because the Naudets did not set out to tell the story of 9/11, but rather that of a rookie firefighter, the men's emotions and the viewer's connection with them are more real and powerful than they would be in a standard retrospective.
In a filmmaking sense, "9/11" is textbook.
If the events were an actual script, they would be superb, as the characters are established, then thrown a curve to which they must react.
This is all the more amazing considering the pain and emotion of the raw footage that the directors had to wade through to piece this story together.
The first portion of the film provides a glimpse of life inside a fire station; specifically, how a rookie assimilates himself into a crew of veterans.
That part alone is quite good, and had the documentary been allowed to run its intended course, it probably would have been solid.
The brothers appear to realistically portray the process of becoming a NYC firefighter.
Then of course, all hell breaks loose.
The chaos following the WTC attacks is vividly seen, as various characters that we have gotten to know are thrust into terrifying situations.
Seeing not only the attacks, but also the first-hand reactions is a very moving picture of extreme human emotion.
The aftermath, in which firefighters are discovered to be lost and found, is human drama at its peak.
Life and death hang in the balance.
Unlike many movies, the viewer not only doesn't know who will live and die, but genuinely cares about them.
The only negative thing I have to say about this is that the Robert DeNiro (whom I like) blurbs were uninformative, unnecessary, and didn't advance the story at all.
They were probably added just to attract more television viewers.Bottom Line: The best documentary I've ever seen.
Nonpareil portrayals of raw human emotion and drama.
9.5 out of 10.
In the voice over which begins the film, Hughie(Billy Connolly), a roadie for the great 70's band Strange Fruit, said the reason lightning struck at a rock festival to stop Strange Fruit's set was that God was sick of 70's excess.
Indeed, it's been popular to put down that era of music, and see punk as a welcome antidote to it.
While I agree the excess was tiresome(as well as the misogynistic urges which came out of it), and like punk, I still am a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock, and this film about Strange Fruit's long, strange reunion is an affectionate tribute to those days.One of the reasons the film works is the care of the people behind the scenes.
Brian Gibson directed WHAT'S LOVE GOT TO DO WITH IT, about Tina Turner(while I had problems with the dramatic parts of the film, the music was handled very well), writers Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais co-wrote THE COMMITMENTS and were behind the music-oriented British TV show OVER THE RAINBOW, and the songs Strange Fruit played were co-written by Foreigner's Mick Jones(not to be confused with The Clash's Mick Jones), so it was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking about.
Also, two cast members are musicians in their own right(Bill Nye I don't know about, though the film credits him with his own singing, and he certainly looks like a lead singer of that era, while Jimmy Nail was in another British TV show which was music-oriented, though I forget the name, and he was in EVITA), and the others are convincing at it.
And while, as I said, a lot of 70's bands like Strange Fruit behaved badly towards women, the movie doesn't make the same mistake(except for the woman who follows Timothy Spall around); as the manager of the reunion, Juliet Aubrey is quite good and plays a fully rounded character.The other actors are all good as well, with special praise to Stephen Rea, who handles the more dramatic role well without sentimentality.
There are a couple of plot points which don't work, but overall this is quite enjoyable.
Oh yeah, and the music is good too.
Some years ago, satellite channel U.K. Gold promoted repeats of 'Men Behaving Badly' with the hype: "Here it is, the original flat-sharing sitcom!".
This was in fact untrue.
'Man About The House' was also a flat-sharing sitcom and ran from 1973-76.It was the brainchild of Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke, creators of the popular sitcom 'Father Dear Father'.
When it ended, they decided they wanted to do something more in harmony with the times.
In the first episode, Chrissy ( Paula Wilcox ) and Jo ( Sally Thomsett ) are tidying their Myddleton Terrace flat following a wild party when they find a man in their bath.
He is Robin Tripp ( Richard O'Sullivan ), a Southampton cookery student of no fixed abode.
While his clothes dry out, he puts on a ladies' dressing gown and prepares them a meal.
They are so impressed by his culinary skills that they invite him to stay.
But there must be no naughty business.
So Robin has to pretend to be gay...On B.B.C.-2's 'I Love 1973', shown in 2000, Julie Burchill claimed that 'House' showed her a way of life she envied.
She was not alone.
One of the most iconic ( for me, anyway ) images of '70's British television was Sally Thomsett coming out of the London Underground carrying a parasol, and a 'blind' man doing a double take as her pert bottom swings past.
A man living with two girls was a risqué subject for the time, but Mrs.Mary Whitehouse had no need to get hot under the collar, it was innocent, good-natured fun.
Mortimer and Cooke's scripts went as close as they could to the edge without crossing it.Richard O'Sullivan was still playing 'Bingham' in I.T.V.
's 'Doctor In Charge' when this got started.
In fact the second run of 'In Charge' overlapped with the first of 'House'.
He was born to play the sex-mad Robin.
Paula Wilcox's 'Chrissy' was more streetwise than 'Beryl', her character she played in 'The Lovers', while Sally Thomsett's 'Jo' was a lovable dizzy blonde.
As time wore on, he became almost like an older brother to them.For many viewers, Brian Murphy and Yootha Joyce stole the show as the warring Ropers.
George had lost interest in sex, but Mildred had not.
They went on to their own show - the aptly titled 'George & Mildred'.
The late Doug Fisher was good value as as Robin's wideboy friend Larry.
He worked so well he was made into a regular.Within a year of its debut, there was the inevitable movie spin-off.
I am not a big fan of the 'Man About The House' movie because I think it was stretched to fit the big screen.
Most of its characters had never appeared in the series.The format was sold to America, where it became the long-running 'Three's Company' starring the late John Ritter and Suzanne Somers.
It was far more suggestive than the British original, with Somers often seen in sexy clothing.After six seasons, 'House' ended with Chrissy marrying Robin's older brother Norman ( Norman Eshley ).
Fans were devastated to see Robin failing to get the girl he loved, but there was some consolation in the fact that he too landed his own show - 'Robin's Nest'.
Nice movie with a great soundtrack which spans through the rock landscape of the 70's and 80's.
Radiofreccia describes a generation, it describes life in a small village near Correggio (hometown of Ligabue, the singer who wrote the book that inspired the movie), it describes life of young people and their problems relating to the world.
It reminds of Trainspotting, with a bit of Italian touch.
To those who say that this movie deserves anything below the unflaunting grace that it showed, I disagree.
This is an amazing documentary about a shocking day.IMDB asks us to rate this movie.
I beg you to consider the fact that the documentary was made.
The courage that it took to shoot this film is most notable.
We find that the two brothers are split up when that moment happened.
They continue to document the bravest of the brave without knowing about their own and eachother's safety.
To judge whether it's nobler to shoot a video of that tragedy or to save the lives as those amazing, amazing firefighters did is not mine to answer.
I just know that in 30 years, a class full of children will not know one without the other.I submit a wholehearted 10.
This is why the art of filming was created!
To capture the natural emotion that real life offers.
You can keep your kung-fu junk.
Romance is cute.
Action will never reach this level.
This movie, 9/11, will be timeless in that it did not glorify itself.
It didn't have a sneak-peek.
It didn't have all of the blatant vanities that a lion's share of the many movies on the many screens blare.
It had class, composure, substance, and it had a record of the day that changed the modern face of America and even the world.
It spoke of things inescapable to the eye of the camera.
Please consider this movie, as it itself proclaims, a stirring tribute to all of those who fell because of the free, beautiful name of America.How can you give anything less to a movie that shows, not embellishes, the natural bravery of real people acting in unreal times.
I love "The Godfather" but "9/11" is forever a different kind of movie as this is now a different kind of world.
It is art without question or questions.jf
It's hard to say which comes out on top, James Cagney's charm and energy or the mouth- opening excesses of Busby Berkeley's three grand showstoppers at the close.
I give it a tie, with Footlight Parade one of the funniest and quickest of the early Thirties musicals.
Although the movie clearly belongs to Cagney, Joan Blondell adds immeasurably to the good-natured story line.
And what's the story line?
It's about Chester Kent (Cagney) who produces musicals, and who now is just about out of business as the talkies take over.
He starts doing Prologues, live musical entertainment offered on stage before a movie starts.
He gets the idea to do bigger ones and more of them, moving them around the country.
He's a ball of fire and ideas, and he needs all the ideas he can get to keep relentlessly producing these things.
But a rival is spying on him and stealing his ideas; Nan Prescott (Blondell), his wise-cracking secretary, loves him but he's too busy too notice; an office girl in black-rimmed, round glasses (Ruby Keeler) wants a chance to dance; his wife turns up saying she didn't divorce him after all; a blonde gold-digger is setting her hooks in him; his partners are cheating him...my gosh, what's next?
This may all sound like a lot to digest, but everything happens fast, with Cagney bouncing, strutting, striding, finger-snapping, barking orders and occasionally - until the big last number when he goes all out singing and dancing -- doing a step or two just to show how it's done.
Instead of "Let's put on a show, gang" we have "We need to build three shows in three days, so lock the doors and let's start rehearsing."
These three super Prologues are going to feature 40 chorines, spectacular effects and will mean a rich contract, with forty Kent units in deluxe movie houses...the whole Apollo movie house circuit!
Exhaustion threatens, feet ache, but all those unbilled chorines in skimpy costumes (which include Ann Sothern and Dorothy Lamour; you can quickly spot Sothern but Lamour is more generic) stay the course, dancing their hearts out, giggling and chattering and looking remarkably unsweaty.
And then the curtains go up as each Prologue is presented in separate movie houses, one after the other on the same night, with the owner of the Apollo circuit going to determine that night whether he'll save Chester's skin or not.
First up is "Honeymoon Hotel" with Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler in a 9 minute production number that features a lot of wholesome lasciviousness, with brides and grooms (some might even be married), bedrooms and beds, and doors with "Do not disturb" signs.
Then on to the next theater and 11 minutes of "By a Waterfall" that probably had the Warner Brothers accountants worrying about bankruptcy.
This number is so excessive -- dozens of swimming girls, trees, fountains, a huge grotto with waterslides, a giant pool -- you'd never think there was a Depression on.
Berkeley pulls out all his tricks -- synchronization, human patterns, legs and arms doing all sorts of precision things -- and he does it in the water, with a lot of underwater photography looking up.
The girls are sure game.
They come up smiling with water in their eyes and still hit their marks.
The whole thing must have been incredibly difficult and exhausting.
Ruby Keeler, who has a couple of quick shots in the water, is the only one who looks a bit cautious.
And finally, the smash finale...11 minutes of Cagney dancing and singing with Keeler to "Shanghai Lil," with all sorts of bar girls and their customers, unusual in that the races are mixed up.
There's Cagney and Keeler dancing on the bar, dancing on a table, Cagney fighting.
There are what looks like fifty or sixty marching marines, hupping back and forth, rifles tossed and caught.
Then...this is true...a human picture forms of Franklin Roosevelt and the NRA eagle.
This may be the only Hollywood musical production that has ever featured Roosevelt, a big federal agency and a bevy of sexy Chinese prostitutes.
That's entertainment, folks.
It's great!
Of course, Chester's Prologues get the big contract and Nan gets Chester.
The movie is full of juicy clichés that make us smile.
Ruby Keeler is so endearing as she earnestly stomps out her taps with her arms flying that you want to help her along.
Joan Blondell makes us forget about a lot of Hollywood females who might have been more beautiful but who had a lot less wit and personality.
The movie, however, belongs to Cagney, who grabs and shakes it, and to Berkeley, a man for whom too much was never too much.
Well this movie was probobly one of the funniest scary movie i have ever seen.
The effects are so bad you just have to laugh, and the acting, well lets say its no mel gibson.
But Gary Browning who plays an police officer is so damn bad, he becomes good.
I dont know how but he him self makes this movie a 10.
You must see it if your in to horror/slash movies cause its bloody and funny at the same time.
Killer movie.
I wasn't sure what to expect but am I glad I went to see this.
A smart, slightly twisted comedy that makes you think.
I wasn't quite sure how a director can create "nothing", but leave it to Mr. Natali and the brilliant individuals at C.O.R.E.
to create another low budget set that looks real (as real as nothing can be).
Well worth your time and money, if you have the opportunity to see this, please go.
You'll be glad you did.
I love this movie.
I mean the story may not be the best, but the dancing most certainly makes up for it.
You get to know a little bit about each character the way THEY want you to learn about them.
I just think that you won't like this movie unless you're into Broadway...
Radiofreccia is a movie about all of us, about our dreams, our friends, our obsessions, our addictions, our fears.
It is a brilliant movie where a group of friends like all of us have lives through the hardships of growing up in a small town in one of the most significant decades in the last century.
The movie doesn't take a happy or sad approach on things, it just tells us a story, one that all of us could have experienced.
One of happiness and excitement, sadness and grief.
The power of this story is in that we grow to love the characters, it is one of those movies you will watch over and over again, feeling closer to the little town in Emilia Romagna where it takes place.
Hoping one day to be able to finally walk its streets next to Freccia and his friends, listening to the music that changed the world through the crackling sound of an old radio playing Radio Raptus International, playing their dreams, our dreams.
Radiofreccia will make you laugh, it will make you cry at times, it will shock you and comfort you, it will give you and take from you.
Personally I believe it to have played an important part in my life, and that of my friends, and I suggest you all watch it and let it become part of yours.
I totally agree that "Nothing" is a fantastic film!
I've not laughed so much when watching a film for ages!
and David Hewlett and Andrew Miller are fantastic in this!
they really work well together!
This film may not appeal to some people (I can't really say why without spoiling it!)
but each to their own!
I loved it and highly recommend it!The directing is great and some of the shots are very clever.
It looks as though they may have had a lot of fun when filming it!Although there are really only main 2 characters in the film and not an awful lot of props the actors manage to pull it off and make the film enjoyable to watch.
My former Cambridge contemporary Simon Heffer, today a writer and journalist, has put forward the theory that, just as British film-makers in the eighties were often critical of what they called "Thatcher's Britain", the Ealing comedies were intended as satires on "Attlee's Britain", the Britain which had come into being after the Labour victory in the 1945 general election.
This theory was presumably not intended to apply to, say, "Kind Hearts and Coronets" (which is, if anything, a satire on the Edwardian upper classes) or to "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", both of which may contain some satire but are not political in nature.
It can, however, be applied to most of the other films in the series, especially "Passport to Pimlico".Pimlico is, or at least was in the forties, a predominantly working-class district of London, set on the North Bank of the Thames about a mile from Victoria station.
It is not quite correct to say, as has often been said, that the film is about Pimlico "declaring itself independent" of Britain.
What happens is that an ancient charter comes to light proving that in the fifteenth century the area was ceded by King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy.
This means that, technically, Pimlico is an independent state, and has been for nearly five hundred years, irrespective of the wishes of its inhabitants.
The government promise to pass a special Act of Parliament to rectify the anomaly, but until the Act receives the Royal Assent the area remains outside the United Kingdom and British laws do not apply.Because Pimlico is not subject to British law, the landlord of the local pub is free to open whatever hours he chooses and local shopkeepers can sell whatever they please to whomever they please, unhindered by the rationing laws.
When other traders start moving into the area to sell their goods in the streets, the British authorities are horrified by what they regard as legalised black-marketeering and seal off the area to try and force the "Burgundians", as the people of Pimlico have renamed themselves, to surrender.Many of the Ealing comedies have as their central theme the idea of the little man taking on the system, either as an individual as happens in "The Man in the White Suit" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", or as part of a larger community as happens in "Whisky Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt".
The central theme of "Passport" is that of ordinary men and women taking on bureaucracy and government-imposed regulations which seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in the Britain of the forties.
The film's particular target is the rationing system.
During the war the system had been accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against Nazism, but it became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to retain it in peacetime.
It was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration which had been elected with a large majority in 1945, and organisations such as the British Housewives' League were set up to campaign for the abolition of rationing.
I cannot agree with the reviewer who stated that the main targets of the film's satire were the "spivs" (black marketeers), who play a relatively minor part in the action, or the Housewives' League, who do not appear at all.
The satire is very much targeted at the bureaucrats, who are portrayed either as having a "rules for rules' sake" mentality or a desire to pass the buck and avoid having to take any action at all.I suspect that if the film were to be made today it would have a different ending with Pimlico remaining independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino.
(Indeed, I suspect that today this concept would probably serve as the basis of a TV sitcom rather than a film).
In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, the film-makers were keen stress patriotism and British identity, so the film ends with Pimlico being reabsorbed into Britain.
One of the best-known lines from the film is "We always were English and we always will be English and it's just because we ARE English that we're sticking up for our right to be Burgundians".
There is a sharp contrast between the rather heartless attitude of officialdom with the common sense, tolerance and good humour of the Cockneys of Pimlico, all of which are presented as being quintessentially British characteristics.Most of the action takes place during a summer drought and sweltering heatwave, but in the last scene, after Pimlico has rejoined the UK the temperature drops and it starts to pour with rain.
Global warming may have altered things slightly, but for many years part of being British was the ability to hold the belief, whatever statistics might say to the contrary, that Britain had an abnormally wet climate.
The ability to make jokes about that climate was equally important.There is a good performance from Stanley Holloway as Arthur Pemberton, the grocer and small-time local politician who becomes the Prime Minister of free Pimlico, and an amusing cameo from Margaret Rutherford as a batty history professor.
In the main, however, this is, appropriately enough for a film about a small community pulling together, an example of ensemble acting with no real star performances but with everyone making a contribution to an excellent film.
It lacks the ill-will and rancour of many more recent satirical films, but its wit and satire are no less effective for all that.
It remains one of the funniest satires on bureaucracy ever made and, with the possible exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets" is my personal favourite among the Ealing comedies.
10/10
Nicole Kidman is a wonderful actress and here she's great.
I really liked Ben Chaplin in The Thin Red Line and he is very good here too.
This is not Great Cinema but I was most entertained.
Given most films these days this is High Praise indeed.
Spacecamp is my favorite movie.
It is a great story and also inspires others.The acting was excellent and my wife and I went to see Lea Thompson in Cabaret years later due to her performance in the movie.
It is unfortunate that the Challenger Accident delayed and hurt the movie.The 20th Anniversary of the Challenger Accident is coming up.
I knew one of the Challenger Astronauts off and on since childhood on the Carnegie Mellon campus where my father went to school; I also know a close friend of the late pilot.I was the technical review last year for National BSA for the Boy Scout Astronomy Merit Badge and I still find Spacecamp a great movie to recommend to Scouts doing the Space related merit badges I teach.I ran into the late astronaut again as an adult and was following a schedule of engineering education we had put together when Challenger blew up.
I wound up sitting in with Willard Rockwell and his engineers,"invisible", going over things after the Accident at the Astrotech stockholders meeting by chance as a result, so I'm much closer to the Accident and any movie similarities.
I made sure that I was a good student and finished the degree four years later, strangely enough, on the recommendation of the Rockwell engineer who told them not to fly Challenger in 1986 and who later built Endeavour.
I have no idea how a Texan (the director, Douglas McGrath) and the American actress Gwyneth Paltrow ever pulled this off but seeing this again will remind you what all the fuss about Ms. Paltrow was in the first place!
I had long since gone off the woman and still feel she is rather dull in her Oscar-winning "Shakespeare In Love" performance but she gets all the beats right here--she is nigh on perfect as Emma Woodhouse.
She may have won her Oscar for Shakespeare but she should be remembered for this.Of course, she's surrounded by a great supporting cast including Toni Collette, Greta Scacchi, Juliette Stevenson et al...Jeremy Northam is very appealing as the love interest, even if the script wallows a bit in his declaration of love to Paltrow (in the process, allowing all of the tension to drain out of their relationship); several years on, Ewan's hair is a little easier to take than it was in '96 and, personally, I find puckish Alan Cumming a grating presence in anything nowadays.
But the standout is, without a doubt, Sophie Thompson (sister of Emma Thompson, daughter of Phyllida Law) as Miss Bates; what this version needs is a scene where Emma reconciles with Miss Bates, as she is the character to whose fate we are drawn.
The film is worth watching (again even) for her performance alone.All in all, this has aged wonderfully with charm to spare and more than enough subtlety to sort out the British class system.
Well worth a rental (because its unlikely that Paltrow will ever be this good again--but we'll always have Emma).
This film was the first British teen movie to actually address the reality of the violent rock and roll society, rather than being a lucid parody of 1950s teenage life.
In an attempt to celebrate the work of Liverpool's Junior Liaison Officers the opening title points out that 92% of potential delinquents, who have been dealt with under this scheme, have not committed a second crime.
However, this becomes merely a pretext to the following teen-drama until the film's epilogue where we are instructed that we shouldn't feel responsible or sorry for such delinquents however mixed-up they might seem.Stanley Baker plays a tough detective who reluctantly takes on the post of Juvenile Liaison Officer.
This hard-boiled character is a role typical of Baker.
Having been currently on the trail of a notorious arsonist known as the firefly and does not relish the distraction of the transfer.
However, as in all good police dramas he is led back full circle by a remarkable turn of events, back to his original investigation.His first case leads him to the home of two young children, Mary and Patrick Murphy (played by real-life brother and sister duo), who have committed a petty theft.
Here he meets Cathie (satisfyingly portrayed by Anne Heywood) their older sister whom he eventually becomes romantically involved with.
It quickly becomes obvious that the squalid environment of such inner-city estates is a breeding ground for juvenile delinquency.The elder brother of the Murphy family, Johnny, is the leader of a gang of rock and roll hoodlums.
McCallum does an eye-catching turn as the Americanized mixed-up kid, who owes more to the likes of Marlon Brando, than any previous British star.
One is reminded of Brando's character Johnny from 'The Wild One' who led a leather-clad gang of rebellious bikers in much the same way as this film's 'Johnny' leads his gang.Thankfully the preachiness of earlier Dearden crime dramas such as 'The Blue Lamp' is not so apparent.
Instead we are presented with several well drawn-out characters on both sides of the law as the drama of the delinquents and the romantic interest between Heywood and Baker takes the forefront.The plot, whilst at times predictable, does deliver some memorable scenes.
The disruptive influence that rock and roll music was thought to have had is played out in a scene where Johnny abandons himself to the music, leading a menacing advance on the police sergeant.
The most grippingly memorable piece of film however is the climatic classroom scene where a bunch of terrified school children, including Mary and Patrick, are held hostage at gunpoint by Johnny.
Obviously in the light of the real-life Dumblaine Massacre this scene seems all the horrifying.
Understandably because of this the film is seldom aired or available to modern audiences.
"Hatred of a Minute" is a hauntingly beautiful film.
A psychological thriller that takes you on a journey through the nightmare that is the life of a serial killer, Eric Seaver.
Strong performances and excellent cinematography make this film a "must see" for any film student or horror fan.
The realness of the story and the human side of Eric separate this film from other psycho killer movies.
Some shout outs to the film's producer, Bruce Campbell as well as to the film "The Evil Dead" add some humor for anyone that knows the genre.
I know it is fashionable now to hate this movie.
I have seen hundreds of spook films including he original 1963 Haunting as well as most of the Hammer films.
This film is not restrained and does not hold back at all which is probably why so many modern viewers seemed not to like it.
Yet many viewers can accept out of control films like Scream because knife killers are more easy to believe for most people than demons or ghosts.
Actually this film had many great scenes and the acting and special effects were great.
I have seen it 15 times now and it gets better every time.
The director of this film has made a number of interesting and stylish films and was not trying for the type of realism of the 6th sense.
The Haunting lets go and is certainly not boring.
Perhaps this film might appeal more to John Carpenter fans but more of an traditional plot structure.
The old Haunting was also a fine film from 1963.
It was even more scary.
See both and also The Innocents and The Legend of Hell House with Pamela Franklin.
A true hero of modern times , Chuck Norris has left TV "Walker , Rexas Ranger ", and is looking new steps for his artistic career.
The President´s man is the second movie of a future TV series , with Norris in the title role, and with young actors like Jennifer Tung or Judson Mills ( one of the young rangers of "Walker " ) .
The old master teachs to young aspirant .
It´s one of the most powerful themes of "The president´s man ".
In this tima, "A line in the sand " has reached world surprise for his tratment of terrorism in USA , months before the tragic September 11.
Eric Norris, son of Chuck is the director .
The movie is amusing, a good action work , plenty of fights and heroism .
Chuck Norris have many plans for the future .
Bells of innocence , his next picture, will be the following.
Modern, original, romantic story.Very good acting of both Nicole Kidman and Ben Chaplin.Miss Kidman does a nice job in imitating a Russian accent.
Ben Chaplin is also good as the shy, dull clerk.
For the men (and some women) : miss Kidman looks fantastic and is very sympathetic.
I forgot what a gorgeous woman she is.
It's not hard to imagine that John falls in love with her.
Some unexpected turns in the story are good for the suspense.
Although I hoped for a happy ending, the last part of the movie was quite a surprise for me.
Conclusion : good movie.
Les Pays-Bas : huit points.
hi for all the people who have seen this wonderful movie im sure thet you would have liked it as much as i. i love the songs once you have seen the show you can sing along as though you are part of the show singing and dancing .
dancing and singing.
the song ONE is an all time fave musical song too and the strutters at the end with the mirror its so oh you have to watch this one
This film is definitely an odd love story.
Though this film may not be much to shout about, Nicole Kidman carries the film on her own the rest of the cast could quite easily be forgotten, though Ben Chaplin does do quite a good job of Hertfordshire Life with shots of St Albans & Hemel Hempstead town centre depicting the true essence of the area.
What starts outlooking like a regular episode of the popular British TV series"Heartbeat" soon turns into a gritty gangster getaway action flick.Nothing truly memorable happens in this simple small film and thus ends-up as fairly decent weekend entertainment.
A good one to watch, and if you like the hero john are lonely thirty something you may find something to identify with in his character.
I've always liked Johnny Concho and I wish this film were out on VHS and DVD.
Frank Sinatra gives one of the most unusual performances in his career in this one.When we first meet Frank in the film's title role, he's the brother of a notorious gunfighter who's out of town at the moment.
The brother strikes terror in the heart's of the town and Frank takes full advantage of that to bully the townspeople safe and secure in his shadow.
Only Phyllis Kirk has any feeling for him.
She's the daughter of storekeeper Wallace Ford and Dorothy Adams.Two other gunmen arrive William Conrad and Christopher Dark and it turns out Conrad has killed Sinatra's brother and he's coming to his town to take over.
They humiliate Sinatra and run him out of town.
Kirk follows him.Overnight Sinatra turns from punk into coward and becomes a man searching for some kind of backbone.
It's a well acted performance, almost as good as his Oscar nominated role in The Man With a Golden Arm.
Pity for some reason this has not been seen for years.Two other performances of note are Keenan Wynn as former gunfighter turned preacher who helps Sinatra find what he needs to stand up to Conrad and Dark.
And then there is Conrad in what I believe was his career role on screen.
He's a villain of incredible malevolence, pure evil incarnate walking and talking on the silver screen.However what I like about Johnny Concho is the climax an unforgettable one where Conrad and Dark are dealt with.
Let's just say I believe Johnny Concho was MGM's answer to High Noon and a primer for what you do when evil causes a break down in all law and order.
My roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to watch it with her.
She's from China and only heard so much about 9/11 and wanted to know the cold hard truth and she wanted me to tell her more after the documentary.
I felt awful watching this documentary, it was like reliving the nightmare and it still brings tears to my eyes.But I'm extremely grateful that I watched this documentary, because on the day of September 11th, I'm sure we all remember where we were and what we were doing when we heard, all of us could only think certain questions: "Why?
", "How?
", "What's going on?
", "Oh, my God!".
Almost all the Americans were grateful for the brave firemen and policemen that risked their lives to save others.
But I don't think we thought about what they were really going though.
This wasn't actually supposed to be a documentary about 9/11, the cameraman was just filming a typical day on the job and they just happened to be a couple blocks away from the World Trade Centers and got everything, outside and in, on tape.On Sep. 11th, I thought to myself "It's OK, the policemen and firemen will get the people out that survived".
To be honest, I thought it was an accident, I was in my junior year of high school and getting changed from gym and getting ready to go to my science class.
Someone came into the locker room shouting "Some building just got bombed in New York!
", we all got dressed quickly and ran to our classrooms as we watched the first tower burning on TV.
Not only 15 seconds later live on TV does the second plane crash into the other World Trade Center and we knew this was no accident.
A few minutes later, we heard about the Pentagon and that there was a plane headed for Chicago but was shot down.
So many thoughts ran through our heads and I kept on thinking "What are the firemen and policemen going to do?".
But it's procedure to them I thought, they'll know what to do.The first tower collapsed, we knew it, so many lives are now gone, the second tower crashed, things would never be the same.
Those firemen in this documentary showed courage, confusion, and strength, the real raw human emotions.
They didn't know what to do, they were just as scarred as those other people who were in the towers.
They heard the bodies collapsing on the ground from people jumping out the windows.
And here I was in a classroom just crying seeing all that was going on on TV.
I was amazed with this film and just wanted to go to New York and tell them how grateful all the Americans were for their help.
I know they feel like they were just doing their job, but they did more, they were hero's.
Every day after Sep. 11th for 3 weeks they kept on digging knowing that there were no survivors, but they kept on hoping and praying.
May God bless their kind and brave hearts.As for my roommate she was crying and admitted this was her first time crying at these attacks.
She got to see the truth of what had happened that tragic day.
She asked "Why?".
I didn't know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be that evil.
"It sounds clique', but it was a normal day for everyone" one of the firemen said in the documentary.
No one expected this to happen.
Not like that, those people in the World Trade Centers or the Pentagon or the planes that were hijacked, they were just doing their job, happen to be there, or even just was there for a second passing by.
They were not just murdered, they were slaughtered, and those hijackers did it with a song in their heart.
Then seeing in the middle east all the people celebrating, why do people do this?
They celebrated death and the lose of: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, etc.
Why?
So, thanks to those people for making this documentary.
You truly think about the firemen, policemen, and the troops in Iraq and it keeps your hope up that there are good people in this world.
Thank you to all those people, you are our heroes.10/10
Ah, the 1970's.
A time when it was in to be a swinger.
To be honest, today is also a good time to be a swinger but it just felt more daring then.Joe Sarno offers up a pretty good soft-core film.
In fact, just like today, some of the actors are famous hardcore actors.
Unlike today, these people were good actors and these films had a plot and character development.It's pretty much what you would expect out of a swinger's movie.
Two couples with open relationships re-ignite the wanderlust out of the MILF of one of the women who has come for a visit.
Not much more to it.Of course, when the MILF is Jennifer Welles then it is a different story.
Not too many 40-somethings look as delicious undressed as Ms. Welles.
It's worth the price alone to see Ms. Welles look at herself in the mirror as if she's Aphrodite.
She's no "Stifler's Mom".
She's way sexier.I also digged Chris Jordan's Anna.
Jordan looks and sounds so much like Elaine Joyce that I thought she might be her "separated at birth" twin or even Elaine herself.
Anna is always eating but must have incredible metabolism.Unlike 1990's soft-core porn, 70's softie porn retained the hardcore film's realism (something that 2000's soft-core has brought back on occasion, instead of the 90's music and canned orgasms) and it is here in full force.
It's not real but it feels real.For those who enjoyed the Quebec produced "Deux Femmes En Or", you'll enjoy this one.
Another classic film only on Drive-In Classics, the best $2.50 CAN a month you can spend.
This film has good characters with excellent performances from the cast.
David Strathairn is diabolically sincere as the child molesting salesman and Danny Vinson plays a perfect pussy-whipped southern husband.
The slick soundtrack betrays the murder ballad tone of the film.
A sweet-natured young mountain man with a sad past (Henry Thomas) comes upon an abandoned baby girl in the woods and instantly falls in love with her.
The town elders generally support him in keeping the child, though a local temptress (Cara Seymour) thinks little of the new family.
A determined little girl on a long walk and a sinister travelling salesman (David Strathairn at his creepiest) have parallel stories which converge in a fateful way.
This is a charming slice-of-life in the Ozarks in the same vein as "Where The Lillies Bloom" & "The Dollmaker".
All three were shot on location in those beautiful hills and cover the lives of simple-living -- but not simple-minded -- American folk.
A minimum of strong language and brief but pointed violence make this fairly-safe family viewing.
I felt this film - throughout.
I waas impressed with Russell Crowe's talent in developing his relationship with Lillie, such a typical Aussie blend of softly softly approach, a bit self depreciating and very persistent.
Really loved the cinematography and direction.
Pace was just right and the portrayals of nearly all characters was impressive.Gosh, didn't Russell's talent even in 1993 shine!
.. and I have yet to see Gladiator.
This film was shot on location in Gerard Gardens in Liverpool, and was the UK's answer to films such as 'Blackboard Jungle'.
The film stands the test of time quite well, with all the moral stories still (or even more) relevant today.
The film feature some fine performance from some notable British actors such as David McCallum, Stanley Baker, Peter Cushing and Anne Heywood.
Baker plays a Liverpool cop assigned to juvenile liaison duties, with the premise that if you catch the kids at an early age, they will end up being responsible adults.Notable cameos in the film include Freddie Starr (Fred Fowell) and Melvyn Hayes (Gloria).
Tsai Chin and Michael Chow play brother and sister (they are real life brother and sister) who are caught up in an arsonists web.
Tsai Chin is still acting and can be seen in the latest Nicole Kidman film 'The Interpretor'.Violent Playground features a gun siege in a school, so is unlikely to be shown on TV following similar events in Scotland / Russia.I lived in Gerard Gardens where the film was shot (though was not born at the time), and have fond memories of the area.
I have recently completed a documentary on Gerard Gardens which includes extracts from 'Violent Playground', and a small UK film 'Coast to Coast' which stars Lenny Henry and Pete Postlewaite.
The tenements were demolished in 1987 and the films go some way in keeping the memory alive.There were some complaints from the residents when the film was released, as the film portrayed the area in a bad light.
Time has helped heal those wounds.A little gem of a film, I would recommend you seek this out
The Scots excel at storytelling.
The traditional sort.
Many years after the event, I can still see in my mind's eye an elderly lady, my friend's mother, retelling the Battle of Culloden.
She makes the characters come alive.
Her passion is that of an eye-witness.
One to the events on the sodden heath a mile or so from where she lives.Of course, it happened many years before she was born, but you wouldn't guess from the way she tells it.
The same story is told in bars the length and breadth of Scotland.
As I discussed it with a friend one night in Mallaig, a local cut in to give his version.
The discussion continued to closing time.Stories passed down like this become part of our being.
Who doesn't remember the stories our parents told us when we were children?
They become our invisible world.
And, as we grow older, they maybe still serve as inspiration or as an emotional reservoir.
Fact and fiction blend with aspiration, role models.
Warning stories.
Archetypes.
Magic and mystery.
"My name is Aonghas, like my grandfather and his grandfather before him."
Our protagonist introduces himself to us.
And also introduces the story that stretches back through generations.
It produces stories within stories.
Stories that evoke the impenetrable wonder of Scotland, its rugged mountains shrouded in mists.
The stuff of legend.
Yet Seach'd is rooted in reality.
This is what gives it its special charm.
It has a rough beauty and authenticity, tempered with some of the finest Gaelic singing you will ever hear.Aonghas (Angus) visits his grandfather in hospital shortly before his death.
He burns with frustration.
Part of him yearns to be in the twenty-first century, to hang out in Glasgow.
But he is raised on the Western shores among a Gaelic-speaking community.Yet there is a deeper conflict within him.
He yearns to know the truth.
The truth behind his grandfather's ancient stories.
Where does fiction end?
And he wants to know the truth behind the death of his parents.He is pulled to make a last fateful journey, to the summit of one of Scotland's most inaccessible mountains.
Can the truth be told?
Or is it all in stories?In this story about stories, we revisit bloody battles, poisoned lovers, the folklore of old and the sometimes more treacherous folklore of accepted truth.
In doing so, we each connect with Angus, as he lives the story of his own life.Seachd: The Inaccessible Pinnacle is probably the most honest, unpretentious and genuinely beautiful film of Scotland ever made.
Like Angus, I got slightly annoyed with the pretext of hanging stories on more stories.
But, also like Angus, I forgave this once I saw the 'bigger picture.'
Forget the box-office pastiche of Braveheart and its like.
You might even forego the justly famous dramatisation of The Wicker Man.
To see a film that is true to Scotland, this one is probably unique.
If you maybe meditate on it deeply enough, you might even re-evaluate the power of storytelling, and the age-old question of whether there are some truths that cannot be told but only experienced.
I've long wanted to see this film, being a fan of both Peter Cushing and David McCallum.
I agree that the romantic sub-plot was a waste of time, but the talent of McCallum shines through this juvie role.
Thank heavens for Turner Classic which aired the show last week.
I can imagine that there were lots of problems with children after the war, especially with the way things were throughout the 1950s.
Some of the boys are a bit scary.
I certainly wouldn't want to met them on a well-lit street, much less a dark one.
There were some good insights regarding the feelings of a firebug as well, or as they call him, a firefly.
It might be a little erroneous to open a review by describing a film in terms of other films, but I think it's the best way to give an approximation of the place Election occupies in the gangster genre arena.
It works somewhere in between The Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku's yakuza opus The Yakuza Papers (AKA Battles Without Honour and Humanity), in that it is simultaneously both romanticized and realistic, dark and gritty.
But it's also a Johnnie To film, and as such it carries the distinct touch of the Hong Kong auteur.Every two years the HK Triad elects a new boss.
Only this time one of the candidates is not overly happy with the result so he decides to take matters into his own hands much to the dismay of the rest of the Triads and the police.
That's the story in a nutshell but rest assured it has a lot more going for it than that.
As in The Yakuza Papers, there's a great deal of scheming, back-stabbing and forming and switching of allegiances (sometimes all it takes is a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen in recent time) which might not necessarily make for deep drama but makes for an interesting plot and good character conflict.
Fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect.
Election is not as action-oriented as one might expect; although it IS violent.
And I'm not talking about the glossy, glamour version of Hollywood violence.
This is dark and grim.
To's camera lingers in the scenes of people being brutalized in ways that reveal both the humanity and inhumanity of the perpetrators and victims; after all violence IS an integral part of us whether we like it or not.If you're familiar with To's style, then you should know what to expect.
The pacing is relatively slow and deliberate.
The cinematography is great, slick and dark in equal measures, utilizing dark hues (brown, dark green and orange) while the smooth tracking shots add a vibrant quality to it.
In the end, Election occupies a peculiar place.
It's not exactly a character study and it's not an action-oriented gangster film.
It explores a situation (the election and its aftermath), but does so in style, and is both realistic and romanticized (the Triad ceremonies in particular echo of an oriental Godfather).
I didn't really know what to expect when going out to watch the film, apart from the slightly surreal basic plotline that a lonely man orders a Russian bride over the internet.
That and it had Nicole Kidman in it.
I absolutely loved the film though, and came out thinking 'wow'.Refreshingly down to earth, the film moves along nicely, with a few suprises at each corner.
The relationships in the film are believeable, with Nicole and Chaplin working against each other beautifully.
The humour is subtle, with some great 'Office'-like scenes at the bank, and the thriller element add tension without being Hollywood.Overall the film is about real people in an unusual situation.
It's less about heroics and more about delicate relationships.
Brit-filmmaking at its best...(9/10)
This is a family film, which to some people is an automatic turn off.
It seems that too many people do not want to see films that are not loaded down with failing arms and legs, gratuitous violence and enough expletives to fill the New York phone book.
This film is none of those.
It is cliché, it is formula, but it is also fun.
It doesn't ask you to think, it doesn't demand that you accept the film as reality.
It simply does what a good film ought to do, which is to willingly suspend disbelief for two hours and enjoy the adventure.
The cast is good, while not excellent.
As another commenter pointed out the John Williams sound score was, as usual, excellent.
And the fact that a lot of the film was shot in Huntsville at the real space camp made it even more believable.
It was ironic that the original release of the film was delayed for some months due to the Challenger Shuttle disaster, which may have played a large part in it's original theatrical opening, but the film eventually has helped to focus the dreams of many young people back towards space and the possibilities that lie therein.
SO sit back with your kids and prepare to enjoy.
An angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather.
Together they find common ground in the Gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders.
Although tragic episodes, such as the Highland clearances, feature in the stories, there is a surprising amount of humour and gaiety in them.
It's all filmed in Skye, so there is a double dose of beauty.
The mountain scenery is breathtaking, and it's a rare chance to hear Scottish Gaelic spoken.
I'm English, so I had to read the subtitles, but the sound of spoken Gaelic is nonetheless wonderful.
The performances are just what you would expect from carefully chosen non-actors - in other words, you are watching the real thing - people who care deeply about Gaelic folklore and history.
The Gaelic community, especially on Skye, worked innumerable minor miracles to make this film.
Anyone who has the slightest interest in Gaelic, folk history, folk music, oral culture, Scotland, British history, multi-culturalism or social justice should go and see this film.
I rented this movie this past weekend, cranked up the surround sound system, and got some great sound from special affects.
This movie is a great movie rental, the special affects where enough to scare my fiance, but I noticed some looked suprisingly computer generated.
I didn't go to the movies and see this, but its a scary late night don't feel like going out movie.
I would recommend it!
I became more emotionally attached to this movie than any other I have ever watched.
That may be because I can see the characters as my own grandparents, attempting to make sense of a world at war.
The ending and use of Pachabel's Cannon are both amazing.
WOW!
This film is the best living testament, I think, of what happened on 9-11-01 in NYC, compared to anything shown by the major media outlets.Those outlets can only show you what happened on the outside.
This film shows you what happened on the INSIDE.
It begins with a focus on a rookie New York fireman, waiting for weeks for the first big fire that he will be called to fight.
The subject matter turns abruptly with the ONLY EXISTING FOOTAGE OF THE FIRST PLANE TO HIT THE TOWERS.
You are then given a front-row seat as firefighters rush to the scene, into the lobby of Tower One.
In the minutes that precede the crash of the second plane, and Tower Two's subsequent fall, you see firemen reacting to the unsettling sound of people landing above the lobby.
It is a sight you will not soon forget.Heart-rending, tear-jerking, and very compelling from the first minute to the last, "9/11" deserves to go down in history as one of the best documentary films ever made.We must never forget.
I just saw this at the Toronto Film Festival, and I hope it gets wide release because I want to see it again!
It is a character-driven film, and Andrew and David are more than up to the task.
Any discussion of the plot might beconsidered spoilers, so I'll just say that the storyline is clever, the acting is superb, and the effects are amazing.
Well-filmed and well-paced too.
One of the best films I have seen in ages, and very refreshing in this summer of drearymovies.
It had the audience laughing the whole time.
See it if you can.
(I particularly liked the "Candy bar!
Candy bar!"
scene.)
Michael Stearns plays Mike, a sexually frustrated individual with an interesting moral attitude towards sexuality.
He has no problem ogling naked dancers but when women start having sex with men that's when he loses it.
He believes that when women actually have sex that's when they lose any sense of "innocence" and/or "beauty".
So he strolls through the Hollywood Hills stalking lovemaking couples at a distance, ultimately shooting the men dead with a high-powered rifle with a scope.The seeming primary reason for this movie's existence is to indulge in sexual activity over and over again.
The "story" comes off as more of an afterthought.
This is bound to make many a happily heterosexual male quite pleased as we're treated to enough protracted scenes of nudity (the ladies here look awfully good sans clothes) and sex to serve as a major dose of titillation.
Of course, seeing a fair deal of it through a scope ups the creepiness factor considerably and illustrates the compulsion towards voyeurism.
(For one thing, Mike eyes the couples through the scope for minutes at a time before finally pulling the trigger.)
This is all underscored by awfully intrusive if somewhat atmospheric music on the soundtrack.Those with a penchant for lurid trash are bound to enjoy this to one degree or another.
It even includes one lesbian tryst that confounds Mike and renders him uncertain *how* to react.
It unfolds at a very slow pace, but wraps up with a most amusing ironic twist.
It's a kinky and twisted rarity that if nothing else is going to definitely keep some viewers glued to the screen.7/10
I also saw this upon its release in '56, and have been struck since then with its final scene.
If this is an answer to 'High Noon,' then it's an apt and apposite response.
The notion that, as this string is headed, "The town comes together" is a much stronger message than the lonely personal heroism of 'High Noon.'
In this theme, 'Concho' is a phenomenal precursor of one my other all-time favorites, 'The Magnificent Seven.'
Both Sinatra and Conrad give impressive and convincing performances, especially Sinatra's transformation from bullying kid brother to liberating town savior.
I can only hope that at some point all the friends and family on whom over the years I've inflicted my affection for this movie will have the opportunity to experience it for themselves.
I watched the movie in a preview and I really loved it.
The cast is excellent and the plot is sometimes absolutely hilarious.
Another highlight of the movie is definitely the music, which hopefully will be released soon.
I recommend it to everyone who likes the British humour and especially to all musicians.
Go and see.
It's great.
Passport to Pimlico is a real treat for all fans of British cinema.
Not only is it an enjoyable and thoroughly entertaining comedy, but it is a cinematic flashback to a bygone age, with attitudes and scenarios sadly now only a memory in British life.Stanley Holloway plays Pimlico resident Arthur Pemberton, who after the accidental detonation of an unexploded bomb, discovers a wealth of medieval treasure belonging to the 14th Century Duke of Burgundy that has been buried deep underneath their little suburban street these last 600 years.Accompanying the treasure is an ancient legal decree signed by King Edward IV of England (which has never been officially rescinded) to state that that particular London street had been declared Burgandian soil, which means that in the eyes of international law, Pemberton and the other local residents are no longer British subjects but natives of Burgundy and their tiny street an independent country in it's own right and a law unto itself.This sets the war-battered and impoverished residents up in good stead as they believe themselves to be outside of English law and jurisdiction, so in an act of drunken defiance they burn their ration books, destroy and ignore their clothing coupons, flagrantly disregard British licencing laws etc, declaring themselves fully independent from Britain.However, what then happens is ever spiv, black marketeer and dishonest crook follows suit and crosses the 'border' into Burgundy as a refuge from the law and post-war restrictions to sell their dodgy goods, and half of London's consumers follow them in order to dodge the ration, making their quiet happy little haven, a den of thieves and a rather crowded one at that.Appealing to Whitehall for assistance, they are told that due to developments this is "now a matter of foreign policy, which His Majesty's Government is reluctant to become involved" which leaves the residents high and dry.
They do however declare the area a legal frontier and as such set up a fully equipped customs office at the end of the road, mainly to monitor smuggling than to ensure any safety for the residents of Pimlico.Eventually the border is closed altogether starting a major siege, with the Bugundian residents slowly running out of water and food, but never the less fighting on in true British style.
As one Bugundian resident quotes, "we're English and we always were English, and it's just because we are English, we are fighting so hard to be Bugundians" A sentiment that is soon echoed throughout the capital as when the rest of London learn of the poor Bugundians plight they all feel compelled to chip in and help them, by throwing food and supplies over the barbed wire blockades.Will Whitehall, who has fought off so may invaders throughout the centuries finally be brought to it's knees by this new batch of foreigners, especially as these ones are English!!!!
Great tale, and great fun throughout.
Not to be missed.
I turned this on to see the incredible Ethel Waters, whose autobiography I am now reading.
I'll admit my jaw dropped when the pork chops and watermelon references started rolling in, but people cannot look at this movie as a stereotypical or racist piece.
It's pretty much a short film made by blacks, for blacks at a time when the entertainment industry was quite segregated and the stereotypes to the people involved were the jokes of their time, old trends exaggerated for humor.
We see modern black movies do the same thing, but with the new trends (stereotypes), "ho's" and the "hood" and such.
I think if you look back in eighty years, you would find today's movies will look just as racist.
What viewers should appreciate about this film is the talent of Waters and the pint-sized Sammy Davis Jr., who out taps his contemporary, Shirley Temple, and looks remarkably the same facially as he did as an adult.
Everyone involved in this film clearly had a lot of fun making it.
Why not enjoy it for what it is, instead of what you think it should have been?
It seems to be a perfect day for swimming.
A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach.
Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising.
The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) is powerful because of unanswered questions.
Stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this.
There is a double question the movie poses.
How far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband?
Like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself.
Excellent movie, albeit slightly predictable.
I have to comment on Nicole Kidmans acting in this movie.
Some of her other works haven't shown the amazing talent this woman has, but Birthday Girl doesn't suffer from this in the slightest.
Even without words Kidmans acting shines through.
Fast-paced, funny, sexy, and spectacular.
Cagney is always terrific.
Blondel charms you with her wit and energy.
It's obvious that this is a pre-censorship film by the innuendo in the script, the costumes,and the way they touch each other.
And bikinis before there were bikinis!
This is no holds barred fun for everyone.
I don't understand the John Garfield issue though.
Does it matter whether or not he's in this film?
If he is, he screen is so short that he's basically a prop.
You need to watch it frame by frame to even find him if he's there.
I'm a big Cagney fan, but had never seen this one before.
I found it on Turner Classics.
I found it by wonderful accident.
Sit back and enjoy the ride!
There is no denying that Ealing comedies are good, but for me this film stands out as one of the best.The basic premise of the film is that a small part of Pimlico in London is discovered to be part of Burgundy, not the UK.
We then follow the lives of the residents in their battle to keep the treasure found after the bomb explodes, and keep out the black market traders who soon realise that being exempt from UK law, rationing does not exist.
When they become prisoners in their own street because the government has decided to close the boarder we see them fight back against the system.They are forced to ration water and food in their stand for what is right.
In fact becoming worse off than they were before it all started, that's where the moral comes in.
It's when they loose all the food that they think they are beaten and call for a surrender, only to have the whole of London respond to their plight by sending food, lot's of it.
Thus enabling them to continue their struggle.This film hit's the right note throughout, the acting is superb, with Stanley Holloway, Margaret Rutherford, Hermione Baddeley and Betty Warren standing out.
It's pitched just right, not too sentimental and the moral of the story not forced down your throat.
Well worth a viewing
Composed, elegant Carol (marvelously played by the beautiful Rebecca Brooke), her nice husband Eddie (likable David Houseman), Carol's wacky, constantly eating best gal pal Anna (delightfully essayed with infectious comic zeal by the adorable Chris Jordan), and Anna's hunky, amorous husband Pete (a typically fine Eric Edwards) are a quartet of liberated swingers who enjoy having frequent group sex with each other.
Their usual routine gets disrupted when Carol's lonely, repressed, but still alluring widow mother Jennifer (a superbly moving performance by the lovely Jennifer Welles) drops by for a visit.
Pretty soon Jennifer loosens up and becomes a willing participant in the swingers' blithely pleasurable and uninhibited carnal lifestyle, with everyone except Carol eager to seduce her.
Writer/director Joe Sarno concocts a sharp, engrossing and perceptive examination of suburban angst and the limitations of the whole wild'n'easy 70's sexual revolution; Sarno turns traditional middle class mores on their heads and further spices things up with a bold and provocative mother/daughter incest subplot.
Moreover, Sarno elicits uniformly first-rate acting from the bang-up cast: Welles and Brooke are both exceptional, with excellent support from Edwards, Jordan, Houseman, Arlana Blue as flaky New Age sex therapist Shandara, and Erica Eaton as saucy neighbor Mrs. Fields.
Better still, all the women are extremely hot and enticing; Welles in particular seriously steams up the screen with her exquisitely voluptuous figure and smoldering erotic presence.
The sex scenes are really sizzling and fairly explicit, but never raunchy or tedious.
Stephen Colwell's bright, polished cinematography and Jack Justis' bouncy, melodic acoustic folk score are both on the money solid and effective.
Recommended viewing for Sarno fans.
The Unseen is done in a style more like old Hollywood mysteries than a horror show.
The film is somewhat slow but lots of bizarre imagery keeps it the film alive and watchable.
The basic idea of young girls stalked by something in the basement is old, but good acting and production make the movie worth watching.
The movie is notable for its emotional impact and certainly not for any explicit action or special effects.
I rated it an 8 out of 10.
This movie is far better than the original The Jerk.
I would highly recommend it to anyone who like quirky humor.
We have incorporated almost as many lines from this movie into our daytime discourse as we have from Monty Python.The card game with the hobos and then with Mr.
Suicide.
The scene at the dinner table and his distaste for turtle soup.
The original The Jerk was too choreographed ans staged.
While I like Steve Martin, he seemed like he was trying to hard.
The Jerk Too is a spoof and will be enjoyed by anyone.
The Jerk Too is family friendly unlike the original The Jerk.
I have a feeling that the Warners Bros Depression-era musicals are going to become a lot more pertinent in the next couple of years.
Yes, we are in the economic doldrums (or have you been living under a rock) and times look bleak.
But we always have the movies as a way to escape our troubles.
In the 30's, film-going was hugely popular even at the height of economic gloom.
"Footlight Parade (1933)" was one such film that audiences flocked to.
While this Lloyd Bacon-directed musical doesn't quite capture the social issues of the time as "Gold Diggers of 1933 (1933)" does, it's still a wonderful showcase of talent.
We have to wait until the end of the film for the three centrepiece Busby Berkely extravaganza numbers, but boy, are they worth waiting for me.
Yes, little Ruby Keeler is a terrible singer and actress, and her tapping is so-so, but Busby's magical "By A Waterfall" whisks her, and what seems to be a hundred other chorus girls, into a dizzying water wonderland.
Of course Busby's numbers could never really be performed on a stage (they defy limits of gravity, for one thing), and they contrast terrifically with the realism of the tough, wisecracking non-musical scenes.
And "Footlight" also has James Cagney in at the one of his all-too-few musicals (really, what couldn't this man do?).
He even gets to take over from the leading man, don sailor garb and fawn over sexpot Shanghai Lil (who is really little Ruby in China-girl wig!
).He co-stars with Joan Blondell, his adorable, adoring secretary who Cagney somehow overlooks in favour of other women (until the final reel, that is).
Apparently Blondell was the only other woman who Cagney loved apart from his wife.
And you can see the mutual adoration in every scene.
I'm on the opposite end of the previous comment.First of all, I don't think this was intended to be a straight sequel to "The Jerk".
I mean, it's not titled "The Jerk 2"... it's "The Jerk, Too", which leads me to believe that while a lot of the character names are the same, it actually revolves around a completely different person.Think about it: Virtually no connection to the previous movie, other than character names; a totally different story; different cast; and the fact that it's a partial musical.I say give this movie some credit.
It does have plenty of laughs in it.. Mark Blankfield at his prime.
"Hatred of a Minute" is arguably one of the better films to come out of Michigan in recent years.
Not to say that it's a brilliant film by any means, but it's definitely worth a watch.
"Hatred" chronicles the sordid adventures of Eric Seaver (played by director Kallio), a formerly abused child now grown up, and starting to listen to his evil side.
"Hatred" is very nice visually.
The shots are creative, and the lighting is approporiately moody and interesting to look at.
This film actually has an element of production value to it, unlike other recent Michigan releases like "Dark Tomorrow" and "Biker Zombies."
Subtle dolly shots and stylized shot composition show good use of this film's $350,000 budget.
However, "Hatred" stumbles in the same places that so many other local films do, and that's in the story and character department.
Essentially, things just kind-of happen.
Eric Seaver doesn't evolve at all.
Basically, he's always been crazy, it's just that people are starting to notice.
The film just wanders along its merry way with very little development.
Also, the ending is very abrupt.
However- since this is a horror film, since when do we care about plot?
We just want to see people die, and "Hatred" certainly delivers.
As the body count mounted, people in the theater started cheering "Kill her!
Kill em' all!"
When people scream back at the screen, it's always fun.
That's the place where "Hatred" succeeds.
It's fun.
And in the end, that's all that really matters.
I just finished watching this film and found it very enjoyable.
It is a quiet, little film that doesn't overwhelm you with special effects or "big" performances.
It simply takes you into the lives of the people living in a small hamlet in the backwoods of North Carolina.
Henry Thomas gives a good performance as Raymond Toker, a young loner who finds a baby abandoned in the woods.
Toker's search for the baby's parents takes him on a journey that will have a profound impact on his life.
David Srathairn plays Truman Lester, a slimy conman with an ulterior motive.
And David plays the bad guy to perfection.
There is much more to this film than first meets the eye.
Filmed on location in North Carolina and with a wonderful sound track of traditional music, it is worth watching.
The Stock Market Crash of 1929 and the Depression following almost ruined the American Musical Theater, in fact it was the final death blow to vaudeville.
Those behind the curtains were hit as bad as those in front.In an effort to stimulate the show business economy and his own personal economy, out of work theater director James Cagney comes up with a brilliant idea.
Stage live relevant prologues to the movies that are being shown at the various movie theaters that are springing up overnight from the old theaters.
Some other competitors get wind of it and the competition is on.Footlight Parade is my favorite Busby Berkeley film.
It gives James Cagney a chance to display some of his versatility as a dancer as well as a tough guy.
In his retirement Cagney said that while he screened his few and far between musicals a lot, he could barely be bothered with some of his straight dramatic films.
He wished he'd done a few more musicals in his career and I wish he had.Of course the staging of these Busby Berkeley extravaganzas on the stage of a movie palace defies all logic and reason.
But it's so creative and fun to watch.
Dick Powell gets to sing three songs in Footlight Parade, Ah the Moon is Here, Honeymoon Hotel, and By a Waterfall, the last two with Ruby Keeler further cementing that screen team.
Ruby sings and dances with Powell in the last two and she partners with James Cagney in my favorite number from Footlight Parade, Shanghai Lil.
Joan Blondell is Cagney's no nonsense girl Friday at the theater.
Like in Blonde Crazy, she's the one with the real brains in that duo and it's her quick thinking that bails him out of some domestic problems he has on top of his theatrical ones.
One of Blondell's best screen roles.Look for Dorothy Lamour and Ann Sothern in the chorus as per the IMDb pages for both of them.
John Garfield is seen briefly in the Shanghai Lil number.
And in a scene at the beginning of the film, producer Guy Kibbee takes Cagney to a movie theater where they are showing a B western starring John Wayne.
The Duke's voice is unmistakable.
But what's even more unusual is that the brief clip shows him in a scene with Frank McHugh who plays another Cagney assistant in Footlight Parade.
I think the brothers Warner were playing a little joke there.
I've got to believe that clip was deliberate.Footlight Parade is Busby Berkeley at his surreal best.
As an aging rocker, this movie mentions Heep and Quo - my 2 favourite bands ever - but with the incredible cast (everyone) - and the fantastic storyline - I just love this piece of creative genius.
I cannot recommend it more highly - and Mick Jones added so much (Foreigner lead and primary songwriter along with the greatest rock singer ever - Lou Gramm) - I have watched this great work more than 10 times- Bill Nighy - what a voice - and Jimmy Nail - talent oozes from every pore - then Astrid.... and Karen..... what more could an aging rocker ask for!!
10/10 - bloody brilliant.Alastair, Perth, Western Oz, Originally from Windsor, England.
What can I say that hasn't been said about "The Haunting"?
It has everything that would make a great picture.
Wonderful sets, moody music, and sound design to die for were all in place.
The screenplay, though, sometimes boggles the mind in such a weird, surrealistic way.
The entire team must have forgotten to read it through, maybe because they were too busy creating cg effects and building gothic sets to notice how weak the plot was.
Each member of the cast gives a worthy performance, although with little conviction to the material at hand.
Lili Taylor has the most to do while the others mostly react to her.
But that's about it.
All I can say is that it was a slightly enjoyable two hours, but you will definitely want more.
A lot more.
The first of two films by Johnny To, this film won many awards, but none so prestigious as a Cannes Golden Palm nomination.The Triad elects their leader, but it is far from democratic with the behind the scenes machinations.Tony Leung Ka Fai (Zhou Yu's Train, Ashes of Time Redux) is Big D, who plans to take the baton no matter what it takes, even if it means a war.
Well, war is not going to happen as that is bad for business.
Big D will change his tune or...Good performances by Simon Yam, Louis Koo and Ka Tung Lam (Infernal Affairs I & III), along with Tony Leung Ka Fai.Whether Masons, made men in the Mafia, or members of the Wo Sing Society, the ceremonies are the same; fascinating to watch.To be continued...
This movie is as unique as it is overlooked......A Different Story is just that, it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain, one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind.
I first saw this on cable in the late 70's and it truly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time.
I believe this movie was ahead of its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life.
It is truly a classic in the sense that it was a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family.
This film should be available on DVD/VHS so that not only the extra ordinary performances of Meg Foster & Perry King can be acknowledged, but to show how far we have come & still have to go where relationships are concerned.
I have just seen this film, and fallen in love with it.
There is a little bit of something for everyone, and its a particular free for all when it comes to the romance between Lachlan and Lil.
When they are on the beach, I nearly cried... there is the unspoken realization that time is the most precious commodity and it is most evident when they are together.
This idea taken from several angles, from marriage to sibblings to finding love in the least conventional of places.
The film almost makes you long for that kind of desperation when you know that tomorrow could very well be your last.
Crowe was particularly wonderful in his role of Lachlan.
I've always had a soft spot for the accent, but I nearly melted with his portrayal of his character.
The way this film was shot is also beautiful, with the music, backdrop of the open fields, and superb acting.
All together, this is a wonderful film that tugs at all of human emotions.
Big rock candy mountain is amazing.
i watched it when i was little, and still do to this day.
(senior in high school).
if i could imagine heaven, that is what it would look like.
i wish i could live in big rock candy mountain where candy grows on trees.
Zach Hyman is profs, and my best friend.
little bunny foo foo is the man.
it is so fuzzy and colorful that i dream about it at night.
in fact, my friend who is 18 recently watched it for the first time and absolutely loved it.
i recommend that people of all ages watch this movie.
i am having a huge party this weekend with all my friends to watch this incredible movie.
we are going to order pizza and watch the teddy bears giggle.
i constantly find myself watching clouds and wishing i was that little girl that got to visit.
thanks.
bye.
Nothing is fantastic!
Simple as that!
It's a film that shouldn't work, yet does.
Natali stays in the realm of Sci-Fi, however this film is also a comedy.
Cypher it seemed was a big budget draining affair for Natali (at $7.5million!
Woo-hoo Pa!)
so with Nothing he scales down again.
This is low budget, independent film-making at it's best.
Simple, good old fashioned storytelling and an attempt at making a film for artistic merit as apposed to Hollywood's usual reasons for mostly financial gain.
Nothing is a film about Nothing and before you ask, no it is not anything like Seinfeld!
Basically Andrew and Dave are a couple of losers.
They live in a strange looking house beneath two freeways.
Andrew is a telesales travel agent who is agoraphobic while Dave is Andrews best mate who stays with him rent free to help him out.
Dave is tired of it however and has a gorgeous girlfriend who he wants to move in with.
By bizarre mis-fortunes however, Dave finds out his girlfriend embezzled a huge amount of money from Daves work-place incriminating Dave, and Andrew is wrongly accused of sexually assaulting a girl scout (Canadian humour people!).
As it turns out Andrew's house is to be demolished as well and he can't stop it happening as the house was built on land it should not have been built on.
Both Andrew and Dave are inside the house when the police and the demolition team come calling.
They are desperate and can't escape, and in the panic and confusion just as the police burst in everything fades to white.
What has happened?
Have Dave and Andrew died?
They wake to find themselves still in the house only it is quiet.
No police, no demolition team, no angry girl scout mother!
What happens is Dave and Andy discover they have the ability to "wish or hate away."
As it turns out they have hated away the entire outside world.
They are left alone.
The house is surrounded by nothing, which is portrayed as pure white.
So what this means is that the films setting is a house set and then just white.
The film is an interesting view on human isolation and the psyche and of course as they spend more time alone together with no food and no water, they begin to tire of each other.
They discover they can hate away hunger, which is useful but obviously things get out of hand shall we say.
I can't reveal much but I must say bouncing heads are quite a sight to behold.This film is quirky, funny, interesting.
The effects are simple yet effective and Natali brings together two buddies from Cube, David Hewlett, and Andrew Millar to lead the film.
They have chemistry and also work very well.
They have to hold 90% of the movie by themselves and much of it in a pure white background, yet it works.
Certainly I expect this to get the same diabolical treatment as Cypher did and it should appear on DVD in a year or two in the states.
Nothing is a top quality and unique film and although not as good as Cube or Cypher it once again proves Natali as one of the best up and comers.Natali is someone who has really interested me in his three features so far and I cannot wait for his next feature.
I prey to god he doesn't do the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by ADD sufferer, the ever crap Paul Anderson.
Vincenzo old buddy if Paul comes round to your pad, RUN!!!
RUN LIKE THE WIND!!
I hope and prey this guy doesn't take to Hollywood like Alex Proyas did (with the enjoyable yet pussy-footed, sugar coated, helium light: I Robot!).
Keep your eyes peeled for this guy.
****
The trailer for this movie didn't do the movie justice.
And while the movie didn't know what it really wanted to get across, the first half of the movie being a light, romance comedy and the second have a more serious, romantic drama, the overall impact was much better than I thought it would be.
This movie was more of a date movie, but the trailer made it into more of a suspense thriller which it never really turned out to be.
Kidman, being one of my favorites, of course I'm biased, but this movie proved to be a light, sensitive, if somewhat quirky movie that deserved better.
Three out of four stars.
9/5/02.
Wow... what... a whirlwind.
The 30's is a decade with plenty of movies of every type I can imagine, especially during the early talkies phase.
There were movies which are painfully static and dull, like "Dracula" with Bella Lugosi, and there were those that just don't give it a rest, sometimes in a good way and other times not.
This is one of the films that don't stop for a minute, and that is both a wonder and a pity.
Lloyd Bacon, who also directed "42nd Street", must have been the king of the Depression Era musicals and he was probably excited with the possibilities sound brought to the world of cinema, for he filled this picture with it.
There mustn't be a full minute or two without music or someone speaking.
It's completely crazy!
I was thinking the movie deserved a 5 (or a 6, tops) because the pacing was very poor, since it was insanely fast and I sometimes didn't know what was happening and what to think.
The characters seemed to just running to and fro places, talking about things which didn't interest me and probably no one else.
I thought I was just going to be rewarded with a small headache.
I noticed Lloyd Bacon also cast the female lead in "42nd Street", Ruby Keeler, and "42nd Street" was a movie whose ending was the best part of it.
And you know what?
It happened the same thing with "Footlight Parade"!
The ending is absolutely incredible!
It has become, hands down, the most impressive musical I have ever seen.
The final part presents us some musical numbers and those are, believe me, something that make seeing the other rest of the movie worth.
The numbers are flawless!
There are three big bits and the most impressive is surely the second one.
Suddenly the screen was filled with gorgeous and inventive camera work, beautiful people and plain entertainment that made me forget my small headache.
Great documentary about the lives of NY firefighters during the worst terrorist attack of all time.. That reason alone is why this should be a must see collectors item.. What shocked me was not only the attacks, but the"High Fat Diet" and physical appearance of some of these firefighters.
I think a lot of Doctors would agree with me that,in the physical shape they were in, some of these firefighters would NOT of made it to the 79th floor carrying over 60 lbs of gear.
Having said that i now have a greater respect for firefighters and i realize becoming a firefighter is a life altering job.
The French have a history of making great documentary's and that is what this is, a Great Documentary.....
This is a great little film, that's very unique, and creative, with some great plot twists and wonderful performances!.
All the characters are great, and the story while bizarre, is fascinating and very interesting, plus Nicole Kidman is simply amazing in this!.
It's very hard to describe this movie, because it really is quite bizarre, it's a comedy/romance, one minute then it turns into a thriller the next, however it was still very entertaining all the same, plus Nicole's Russian accent was fantastic, and extremely convincing.
Chaplin and Kidman had very good chemistry together, and i loved Vincent Cassel's performance!, plus some of the plot twists really took me by surprise!.
The ending was very cute, and it's unpredictable throughout!, plus this movie is quite underrated as well!.
You will feel sorry for Chaplin and the way that he is scammed, and i thought all the characters were really likable, plus the finale is especially good.This is Nicole's movie though, and she carries it with her incredibly sexy performance!.
This is a great little film, that's very unique, and creative, with some great plot twists and wonderful performances!, i highly recommend this one!.
The Direction is very good!.
Jez Butterworth does a very good job here, with great camera work, solid angles and keeping the film at a fast pace!.
The Acting is wonderful!.
Nicole Kidman, is stunningly gorgeous!, and is amazing as always, she is incredibly sexy, very likable, had one of the coolest accents, added a lot of presence, had very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin, and had a very mysterious character!, she was amazing.
(Kidman Rules!!!!).
Ben Chaplin is great here, he is extremely likable, had a cool character, had very good chemistry with Kidman, the only thing i didn't like was him taking out his anger out on Kidman, even though what she did was wrong, and i loved how he got revenge in the end!.
Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes he was OTT, but he was very intense and quite creepy at times, this role was perfect for him.
Mathieu Kassovitz is OK here, but didn't have much to do.
Rest of the cast are fine.
Overall i highly recommend this one!.
***1/2 out of 5
Midnight Cowboy is not for everybody.
It's raw, painful, and realistic but very entertaining.
The lead actors Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman who would go on to become Oscar winning actors deliver amazing performances.
Voight as the Texas hustler, Joe Buck, who migrates from small town Texas to New York City to become a hustler.
He does not apologize for his chosen profession but it is not that easy.
The New York City women like the rich lady played by Georgeann Johnson and Cass played by Oscar nominated Sylvia Miles are different than Texas women.
Sadly, Buck is trying to escape from his past life in Texas.
He was raised by his grandmother, Sally Buck, played by the wonderful actress Ruth White who died in 1969 from cancer.
The locations in New York City are wonderful to watch as is the relationship between Fatso played by Hoffman and Buck's characters evolve into a moving male to male friendship.
The men are struggling to survive the New York City life by not playing by the rules like getting a real job.
As the film evolves, Buck's past comes to the surface and it's haunting but not clear.
The film is not for children but compared to today's films and television programming, Midnight Cowboy might be more tame.
I can't forget a young Brenda Vaccaro and a party that you can't forget.
It's also a tearjerker of a film, so get your hankies out too.
Trawling through the Sci Fi weeklies section of the local Video Rentals store I was losing hope of finding any good movies I hadn't yet seen.
Renting Cypher was like a punt on a possibly very lame horse.
My son is so jaded with current "B" Science Fiction that he hasn't bothered seeing this yet.It must be noted I didn't see anything about Cypher when it was released in Australia.
It must have been very quiet or I just missed it.Well this WAS a really pleasant surprise!
This is also no B movie.
It's not a "blockbuster" of the epic variety and doesn't try to be - more a quiet movie that needs to be seen several times for it's plot to be fully savoured.The special effects are powerfully presented when they are used - my only complaint is the super helo is a leetle obviously CGI at first view, but they get it right at it's 2nd appearance, & that aside everything else is top notch.
In any case the affects are secondary.I won't give anything away about the plot.
The plot structure has a Russian Doll aspect a little reminiscent of Basic Instinct (though with very different content).Just I will say that Choosing Jeremy Northam for the lead was a master stroke.
The actor was born in Cambridge ENGLAND, and his accent for this film hits the ear as a sort of extremely forced New England dialect, it's a tad off key.
See the final twist of the plot and you'll see why that is such a brilliant choice!
And Lucy Liu is also just right with her "will she kiss me - will she shoot me" edge.I rarely watch movies several times within days - this is one of them.
What's with all the negative comments?
After having seen this film for the first time tonight, I can only say that this is a good holiday comedy that is sure to brighten up any lonely person's day.
When I saw that Drew (Ben Affleck) might end up spending the holidays alone, I wanted to cry.
You'll have to see the movie if you want to know why.
Also, even though I liked Tom (James Gandolfini) and Alicia (Christina Applegate) after awhile, if you ask me, they were real snobs.
However, this film did make me smile and feel good inside.
Before I wrap this up, I'd like to say that Mike Mitchell has scored a pure holiday hit.
Now, in conclusion, I highly recommend this good holiday comedy that is sure to brighten up any lonely person's day to any Ben Affleck or Christina Applegate fan who hasn't seen it.
Enjoyed this 1936 film with plenty of veteran classic actors and especially, William Powell, (Dr. Lawrence Bradford), "Mister Roberts", who played the role as a doctor and detective.
Dr. Bradford was once married to Jean Arthur, (Paula Bradford), "Shane", and got a divorce and still they managed to live with each other and also fight all the time.
Paula wanted her husband to investigate a homicide and did everything she could to convince him it was very important.
Jean Arthur plays a rather nutty type and there is plenty of 1936 Comedy and the method of murder is something you will never believe, especially with a jockey on a California Race Track.
Robert Armstrong, (Nick Martel) "King Kong" gave a great supporting role as a bookie along with James Gleason, a detective who need the help of Dr. Bradford in order to solve this very strange murder mystery.
If you see this film, just remember it was produced and directed in 1936 and the people in the audience in those days thought this was great entertainment and it really was in Those DAYS!
One of the best (if not the best) Stephen King's screenings.
Dark as dark can be, surprising non-hollywood ending, terrifying atmosphere, amazing book adaptation, outstanding cast, educational (don't play with afterlife), in short - everything an excellent horror should be...My favorite horror movie, straight 10+.
Just kidding.Seeking greener pastures in the form of hustling in New York City, Jon Voight is young optimist Cowboy (almost Forest Gump-like) Joe Buck from Texas.
It does not take long for the Big Apple to mercilessly swallow him and his ambitions whole and very soon Joe is the target of both the coldness of New Yorkers and cons from its street-thugs.
Given his pure heart, he takes pity on one of these thugs, Ratso Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman) and later moves in with him in his wreck of apartment and the two literally struggle to survive.While Midnight Comedy is labeled as a drama, it is best described as either a tragic comedy or a comedic tragedy in my opinion.
It is above all a beautiful film that is stylish in capturing the contemporary hippie-vibe of the late 1960s with its mandatory dizzying Warhol-party cinematography and juxtaposing it with ultra-urban New York City.
The film crams Cowboy Joe Buck somewhere in between, thereby emphasizing his out-of-place position.
We feel for his struggle to fit in, but also to merely get enough money to feed Ratso Rizzo.Midnight Cowboy brought tears to my eyes as it is also rich in substance and projects a lot of heart.
I imagine this film must have inspired both Forest Gump with its pure-hearted and out-of-place lead character and, to an extent, the Crocodile Dundee films as it deals with almost the exact same kind of humour - a contrast between country-cowboys and slick New York cosmopolitans.
Very compelling and sensationally creative film that I highly recommend.8.5/10
This splendidly-directed fantasy is the second in the popular by flawed Tarzan series put out by MGM.
It is a first-class adventure for many reasons, I suggest--fine photography, strong imaginative qualities, a delightful cast, good simulated-jungle locales and a very exciting storyline.
Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, a mono-syllabic untutored sort unlike Edgar Rice Burroughs' creation; but he is honest, loyal, brave and very courageous, and he needs to be during this narrative.
As Jane Parker, his wife who had been Jane Porter in the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, as well as being athletic where the script calls for that quality.
The effect of the lighting, the spacious and clever sets is quite unusual.
This is an outdoor adventure filmed on the MGM back-lot which really works.
The fabulous Mutir Escarpment is a remote locale which allows Tarzan and Jane to live undisturbed; but into their idyll come people searching from them, emissaries of a civilization Jane has left behind and into which Tarzan could not really be comfortably habituated.
One is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who with his friend tempts her to come back to civilization with him; the gown and perfumes interest her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan.
Tarzan has to protect her against several wild animals, in scenes that look like a humanized King King.
The group claim to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees for Jane's sake to a bit of big game trapping; but at some point, the idea of ivory and of obtaining a fortune turns the expedition's heads' minds.
Tarzan is shot, left for dead; and the group force Jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow a dying elephant to the fabulous "elephant's graveyard".
But they find the area guarded by a savage tribe and are attacked by lions.
Tarzan rides in on an elephant he has revived in time to call; in a most spectacular elephant-filled scene, he saves Jane and what is left of the expedition, who return home little richer but much wise, as Jane continues her savage idyll with her new husband.
The film was directed by set-design wizard Cedric Gibbons, and quite beautifully too.
His work and the lighting are the outstanding accomplishments of this entertaining and exciting film,which manages to seem real despite all its Hollywood shortcomings from start to finish.
Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after he reveals himself to be thoroughly bad.
Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry round out a small cast very professionally.
An unusual and well-realized fantasy film with interesting situations and some strong dialogue confrontations as well.
Recommended.
The Sarah Silverman program is ... better than those other shows.
No laugh tracks, no painful jokes, just a program.
The Sarah Silverman program.
If you're like me, and you love comedy, this is probably a show for you.Sarah Silverman brings out-there-funny, and right-here-funny to the table with ease.
A mix of different styles, which makes for its own.This program isn't something you want to start a compare war with, seeing as how it has absolutely nothing to do with them (other shows).
This show is its own entity, and i think most comedy heads will like it just fine.Go watch and see.
First I would like to say how great this.
It is astounding and sometimes shocking.
And to say the least I'm 11 years old and this is my favorite movie, I can definitely stand a boring film, but this is anything but boring.
It is like a trip through humanity.
Its stark realism shows through this monumental masterpiece.
It is a heart wrenching tale of two down and outers (VOIGHT AND Hoffman) who build a mutual friendship.
Joe Buck (VOIGHT) a naive Texan stud comes to New York to make it rich by entertaining women.
Soon he meets Rico 'RATSO' Rizzo (HOFFMAN), who is a poor man barely being able to pay rent.
Ratso becomes Joe's 'manager' but soon both men can't find Joe a job which results in stealing food.
As they try and survive on the streets of New York we realize how tough it is.
They can't get Joe a girl until they meet a lady at a party.
Joe makes some money and soon Joe takes Ratso on a Ratso's dream spot, Florida.
The final five minutes are heart breaking yet some of the greatest moments in the film.
From MIDNIGHT COWBOY we get a stark and sometimes disturbing urban view on life.
The villian in this movie is one mean sob and he seems to enjoy what he is doing, that is what I guess makes him so mean.
I don't think most men will like this movie, especially if they ever cheated on their wife.
This is one of those movies that pretty much stays pretty mean to the very end.
But then, there you have it, a candy-bar ending that makes me look back and say, "HOKIE AS HELL."
A pretty good movie until the end.
Ending is the ending we would like to see but not the ending to such a mean beginning.
And then there is the aftermath of what happened.
Guess you can make up your own mind about the true ending.
I'm left feeling that only one character should have survived at the end.
Without doubt the best of the novels of John Le Carre, exquisitely transformed into a classic film.
Performances by Peter Egan (Magnus Pym, The Perfect Spy), Rudiger Weigang (Axel, real name Alexander Hampel, Magnus' Czech Intelligence controller), Ray McAnally (Magnus' con-man father) and Alan Howard (Jack Brotherhood, Magnus' mentor, believer and British controller), together with the rest of the characters, are so perfect and natural, the person responsible for casting them should have been given an award.
Even the small parts, such as Major Membury, are performed to perfection.
It says a lot for the power of the performances, and the strength of the characters in the novel that, despite the duplicity of Magnus, one cannot help but feel closer to Magnus and Axel than to Jack Brotherhood and the slimy Grant Lederer of U.S. Intelligence.
I have read the book at least a dozen times, and watched the movie almost as many times, and continue to be mesmerized by both.
If I had one book to take on a desert island, A Perfect Spy would be the choice above all others.
I was 10 years old when this show was on TV.
By far it was my favorite.
The actors were very credible.
Alexandra Bastedo was just gorgeous....
I just order the DVD (15 episodes).
They didn't have super-powers.
They just had superior human skills (strength, hearing, sight).
The 3 actors were very good in their rolls, very believable.
There was a good story in each episode.
At the time, there were no special effects or explosions everywhere, so the script was suppose to be good, and the characters performs were great.
There was no fancy stuff, like in other shows.
They didn't try to make a joke every 2 minutes to make a light show.
I highly recommend this TV show to anybody that like good stuff.
"The Godfather", "Citizen Kane", "Star Wars", "Goodfellas" None of the above compare to the complex brilliance of "The Sopranos".
Each and every character has layers upon layers of absolute verity, completely and utterly three dimensional.
We care about Tony Soprano wholeheartedly, despite the fact that in the simplest model of good vs. evil, he is evil.
Soprano is the most provocative, intricate, and fascinating protagonist ever created to this point in history.
If you're in the mood to be overtly challenged as a viewer, and to be forever altered on your feelings toward entertainment, watch "The Sopranos".
I defy anybody to sit down and watch the very first episode of Season 1, and not want to continue with the series.
Each season is completely brilliant in its own way.
DVDs are essential to anybody's collection **** of out 4
Overall this movie was excellent for its time and will be interesting for many more generations to come.
Although the plot is not 100% accurate to the book most everything is correct.
The movie does skip far ahead and does miss some important parts.
I found the book and ready and immediately wished that they had made a movie (because I hadn't found out about the movie yet) but later I found the movie in a bargain bin at Wal-Mart and decided to buy it and see if it was what I had expected.
Overall I give this movies a 7 out of 10 for its good parts (relative accuracy and overall making sense) and for its bad parts (large time skips and small but noticeable inaccuracies).
As the Godfather saga was the view of the mafia from the executive suite, this series is a complex tale of the mafia from the working man's point of view.
If you've never watched this show, you're in for an extended treat.
Yes, there is violence and nudity, but it is never gratuitous and is needed to contrast Tony Soprano, the thinking man's gangster, with the reality of the life he has been born to and, quite frankly, would not ever have left even knowing how so many of his associates have ended up.
Tony Soprano can discuss Sun Tzu with his therapist, then beat a man to death with a frying pan in a fit of rage, and while dismembering and disposing of the body with his nephew, take a break, sit down and watch TV while eating peanut butter out of the jar, and give that nephew advice on his upcoming marriage like they had just finished a Sunday afternoon of viewing NFL football.
Even Carmella, his wife, when given a chance for a way out, finds that she really prefers life with Tony and the perks that go with it and looking the other way at his indiscretions versus life on her own.
If you followed the whole thing, you know how it ends.
If you didn't, trust me you've never seen a TV show end like this.
WOW.
One of the greatest movies I have EVER - EVER seen.Absolutely LOVED it!
Before the opening credits were done I was glued to the screen.It's a Sci-Fi thriller - AND edge of your seat Whodunnit.
Incredible.I wish'd it would never end.Lucy Liu is a throwaway role.
Anyone could have played it.
The lead actor, Jeremy Northram was the perfect geeky guy.
This movie appeals to me who loved War Games, Sneakers, and Track Down.Incredible!8-22-06.
Walt D in LV
Anyone interested in pop music, and not familiar with British music trends of the late-seventies, should be sure to watch Breaking Glass at least once.
The movie, about a young woman's quest to make her mark in the music world, captures the times perfectly, from the overt sexism, rough economic times, social upheaval, to the shift in pop culture from rough-and-tumble punk to terribly fey and pretentious Futurism/New Romanticism.
The music and fashion styles created daily in Britain in the late-seventies are still being rediscovered and recycled (there really has been nothing new since 1980).
This was a dazzling time, and Breaking Glass both tells a very personal story and surveys the cultural landscape, and does both extremely well.
Answer: despite that fact that this film was written and directed by a woman, your ex is creepier, nastier, and more irrational than any zombie that ever lurched the earth.The acting in this independent film actually is quite good, despite the less-than-wonderful script.
It takes a pretty good actor to deliver an overwritten, clichéd line and make it sound vaguely believable.
Young Anthony de Marco, as Jake, puts in a particularly good performance.Fortunately, the plot of this film is a lot better than the dialog.
Try it, especially if you're not a monster fan.
This is NOT a horror flick.
Even though all the adult females are pretty monstrous, and although all the adult males act as if their brains were eaten in some earlier zombie film, "Jake's Closet" is suitable for mature adults.The whole, this time, is much better than the sum of its parts.
Surviving Christmas is a surprisingly funny movie especially considering the bad publicity when it was first released.
Ben Affleck is funny as an obnoxious millionaire who pays the family that occupies his childhood home to be his family for Christmas.
He then drives the family crazy with overindulgence for Christmas cheer.
I have not been a Ben Affleck fan in the past (though I did like Daredevil and Paycheck) but here he is well cast in this role.
I also like Christina Applegate as the daughter in the family who can't stand Affleck's character at first.
Sure you can see where this movie is going but you don't care.
Ignore what the critics say and rent this movie out because it is funnier than a lot of Christmas movies.
This documentary was nominated for an Oscar and it's easy to see why.
Even 45 years later, it is quite an impressive piece of work.
Why it isn't in-print is a mystery that only Disney can explain.
Good use of live footage and animation in tandem.
This used to run as part of "Vault Disney" every few months or so, but I haven't seen it listed in quite a while.
*sigh* Most recommended.
One of the more enjoyable aspects of Asian cinema (or, indeed, most anything done outside these holier-than-thou United States) are the permutations that crop up.
In post-World War Two Japanese manga (comics), for instance, are to be found a veritable endless variety of subjects, many of them handled in uniquely imaginative fashion.
The same thing happens in genre film-making, as well; though, again, I'm referring to movies made outside the U.$.
(where we're just too "sophisticated" in our close-mindedness to appreciate anything that isn't about or by US).
Would an American company, for instance, back not one but a series of movies featuring a masked professional wrestler (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a real-life martial artist (Bruce Lee)...?
As for television: forget it.
While I still love the KUNG FU series that starred the late David Carradine, I've always felt that the Americanized version of Asian martial arts was- how to put it kindly- a bit lacking.
To this very day, there hasn't been a pay-per-view channel to feature Asian martial artists playing Asian martial artists in Asia.
(There are lots of soft-core porn masquerading as entertainment shows, but the so-called Action Channel, for instance, has yet to import or to produce a True Martial Arts teleseries.)
Before Brother Cadfile was investigating murders on the BBC, there was, of all things, at least one Kung Fu movie that featured a group of martial artists more or less involved in a murder mystery: THE 5 DEADLY VENOMS.
In its own right as fascinating as any other genre-based whodunit (western, cop show, etc.
), this martial arts masterpiece stands out as a truly superior piece of work.
It's now available from Dragon Dynasty and the print is beautiful and the DVD commentary by Bey Logan is EXACTLY the kind of intelligent, thoughtful analysis these gems truly deserve.
If you're a martial arts movie fan, rejoice: one of the greatest movie genres of all time (specifically, the martial arts movies of the 1970s and early 1980s) are getting a long-overdue second life (and greatly appreciated second look) on DVD.
Ah, clichés, clichés, clichés; They're a main part of a wide variety of horror films.This one, has a lot of them.Still, it's Stephen King, one of the best masters of horror.
This movie was really good, just TOO predictable.
And what horror movie doesn't have stupid people?
This one is overcrowded with retarded victims just practically begging for their life to be taken.
Pet Semetary I found to be creepy a little.
The way everything is set up was REALLY spooky, but not terrifying.
For the most part, the acting was SOMEWHAT believable, the suspense wasn't that suspenseful, but the entertainment level is set at a major rank; My eyes were practically glued to the screen.All Stephen King fans must see this movie, but as for anyone else, expect an OKAY thriller.
William Powell is a doctor dealing with a murder and an ex-wife in "The Ex-Mrs. Bradford," also starring Jean Arthur, Eric Blore, and James Gleason.
It seems that Powell had chemistry going with just about any woman with whom he was teamed.
Though he and Myrna Loy were the perfect screen couple, the actor made a couple of other "Thin Man" type movies, one with Ginger Rogers and this one with Arthur, both to very good effect.Somehow one never gets tired of seeing Powell as a witty, debonair professional and "The Ex-Mrs. Bradford" is no exception.
The ex-Mrs. B has Mr. B served with a subpoena for back alimony and then moves back in to help him solve a mystery that she's dragged him into.
And this isn't the first time she's done that!
It almost seems as though there was a "Bradford" film before this one or that this was intended to be the first of a series of films - Mr. B complains that his mystery-writer ex is constantly bringing him into cases.
This time, a jockey riding the favorite horse in a raise mysteriously falls off the horse and dies right before the finish line.The solution of the case is kind of outlandish but it's beside the point.
The point is the banter between the couple and the interference of the ex-Mrs. B. Jean Arthur is quite glamorous in her role and very funny.
However, with an actress who comes off as brainy as Arthur does, the humor seems intentional rather than featherbrained.
I suspect the writer had something else in mind - say, the wacky side of Carole Lombard.
When Arthur hears that the police have arrived, she says, "Ah, it's probably about my alimony.
I've been waiting for the police to take a hand in it," it's more of a rib to Powell rather than a serious statement.
It still works well, and it shows how a good actress can make a part her own.Definitely worth watching, as William Powell and Jean Arthur always were.
It isn't the worst film ever made, the actors aren't apalling and the script and director are not completely inept.
It isn't the best film ever made, the actors aren't excellent and the script and director are not completely brilliant.It falls somewhere in the middle.
A fun somewhere.
An enjoyable, well constructed somewhere.No need to say "don't take it seriously" or "so bad its good" or "it wasn't scary".
None of these comments are relevant.
Cut has atmosphere.
It's that atmosphere which is actually very unique, and the one really original aspect of the movie, which personally is what makes the film, for me.
Fascinating yet unsettling look at Edith Bouvier Beale (Big Edie) and her daughter (Little Edie) aunt and first cousin to the late Jacquelyn Kennedy Onasis.
They live in a rodent infested, rundown mansion which was considered a health hazard by the city.
It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric.
Little Edie seems to be the most off as she acts with the mindset of a ten year old even though she is actually 53.
The content is pretty much made up of two things.
The first are the conversations were Little Edie lambastes Big Edie for driving away all her potential suitors and ruining her aspiring career as writer, actress, and dancer.
These discussions usually become very rhetorical, nonsensical, and often times amusing.
The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties.
Each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it's only the other who sounds bad.
In one amazing scene Big Edie actually physically attacks Little Edie with her cane just to get her to stop her warbling.
Very captivating yet one gets the feeling that their is some serious exploitation going on here and the subjects are just too far gone to know it.
The filmmakers seem to treat this like a freak show at the circus, coming each day to record (and chuckle) at whatever bizarre behavior may come about.
Ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by.
Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in.
Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever.
For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness.
Most amazing line comes from Big Edie whose many cats relieve themselves throughout her bedroom.
Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.
The Sarah Silverman program is very similar to Sarah's own stand up; It's so over the top with prejudice that you can't possibly take it to heart.
The fact is, though, that while most all people will "get it," it doesn't mean they will all appreciate it.
It's a very polarizing and one dimensional show, so if you don't like it after 10 minutes, you may as well give up there.
If you do like it after 10 minutes, stay tuned, because every episode thus far has been as good as the last.Like all shows, though, it is not perfect.
Personally I love the program, but there are some huge faults with it.
Racist songs are funny, but get older a lot faster than Silverman seems to realize--a problem that I had with "Jesus is Magic" as well.
It seems as if Silverman gave herself a quota for songs per episode that doesn't need to exist.
Not to mention that while the lyrics to the songs she writes are good, the music, well, isn't.Another thing to keep in mind is that while this show will for some reason appeal to fans of Monty Python, Upright Citizens Brigade, etc., it is nothing like those shows.
I can watch Monty Python all day, but, as much as I like this show, I can't watch more than the half hour limit at a time.
It gets flat very fast.
The repeat value for this show is low too--the second time around an episode is fairly funny, and by the third time, in my opinion, it's boring.Still, that first time around is very, very funny.
Give it a shot.
Has anyone been able to buy this movie?
My Uncle "Hutch" was a Real (not Reel) pilot who is seen tossing his wings in the air and then snatching them with his fist as he was awarded his pilot's wings.
He's only on screen a few seconds but my family would love to have the movie.
He was killed in a dogfight over Italy, he was only 24 at the time.
Do we know the film studio that made it?Or has anyone seen it at a video store, like Blockbuster?
I wish they would make entire catalogs of these old movies available as it is so cheap to make DVD's these days.Please email me at nfny40@yahoo.com if you know where I can buy a copy.
Thank you.
John Schlesinger's 'Midnight Cowboy' is perhaps most notable for being the only X-rated film in Academy history to receive the Oscar for Best Picture.
This was certainly how I first came to hear of it, and, to be completely honest, I didn't really expect much of the film.
This is not to say that I thought it would be horrible, but somehow I didn't consider it the sort of movie that I would enjoy watching.
This is one reason why you should never trust your own instincts on such manners  a remarkable combination of stellar acting, ambitious directing and a memorable soundtrack ("Everybody's talking' at me, I don't hear a word they're sayin'") make this film one of the finest explorations of life, naivety and friendship ever released.Young Joe Buck (then-newcomer Jon Voight), dressed proudly as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York to seek a new life as a hustler, a male prostitute.
Women, however, do not seem to be willing to pay money for his services, and Joe faces living in extreme poverty as his supply of money begins to dry up.
During these exploits, Joe comes to meet Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly crippled swindler who initially tries to con Joe out of all his money.
When they come to realise that they are both in the same predicament, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay, and, working together, they attempt to make (largely dishonest) lives for themselves in the cold, gritty metropolis of New York.Joe had convinced himself that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; however, his first such business venture ends with him guiltily paying the woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars.
Though he might consider himself to be somewhat intelligent, Ratso is just as naïve as Joe.
Ratso, with his painful limp and hacking cough, is always assuring himself that, if only he could travel to the warmth of Miami, somehow everything would be all right.
This misguided expectation that things will get better so easily is quite reminiscent of Lennie and George of John Steinbeck's classic novel, 'Of Mice and Men.
'Shot largely on the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboy' is a grittily-realistic look at life in the slums.
Watching the film, we can almost feel ourselves inside Ratso's squalid, unheated residence, our joints stiff from the aching winter cold.
The acting certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, with both Voight and Hoffman masterfully portraying the two decadent dregs of modern society.
Hoffman, in particular, is exceptional in his role (I'm walkin' here!
I'm walkin' here!
"), managing to steer well clear of being typecast after his much-lauded debut in 1967's 'The Graduate.'
Both stars were later nominated for Best Actor Oscars (also nominated for acting  bafflingly  was Sylvia Miles, for an appearance that can't have been for more than five minutes), though both ultimately lost out to John Wayne in 'True Grit.'
'Midnight Cowboy' eventually went on to win three Oscars from seven nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Schlesinger and Best Writing for Waldo Salt.
'Midnight Cowboy' is told mainly in a linear fashion, though there are numerous flashbacks that hint at Joe's past.
Rather than explicitly explaining what these brief snippets are actually about, the audience is invited to think about it for themselves, and how these circumstances could have led Joe onto the path he is now pursuing.
The achingly-beautiful final scene leaves us with a glimmer of hope, but a large amount of uncertainty.
Gritty, thought-provoking and intensely fascinating, 'Midnight Cowboy' is one for the ages.
A very interesting entertainment, with the charm of the old movies.
Tarzan faces the greatest perils without hesitation if the moment requires it, and we all enjoy with him his success.The most insteresting for me is a man without special powers facing the problems and beating them just with human skills (he was a great swimmer and had a great shout)
Hey now, yours truly, TheatreX, found this while grubbing through videos at the flea market, in almost new condition, and in reading the back of the box saw that it was somewhat of a "cult hit" so of course it came home with me.
What a strange film.
The aunt and cousin of former first lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis live in this decaying 28 room house out on Long Island (Suffolk Co.) and share the house with raccoons, cats, fleas (eyow!)
and who knows what else.
Suffolk Co. was all over them at one point for living in filth and old Jackie herself came by to set things right.
Anyway, this is one strange pair, Big Edie and Little Edie...Edie (the daughter) always wears something over her head and dances, sings, and gives little asides to the camera that rarely make much sense.
Big Edie (the mother, age 79) apparently likes to run around naked, and while we do get hints of what that might look like thankfully this was tastefully (?)
done to the point where we're mercifully spared from that.
These women talk and talk and talk, mostly about the past, and it doesn't make a whole lot of sense, except to them.
They live in absolute filth, cats doing their business wherever ("Look, that cat's going to the bathroom behind my portrait!
"), and one bedroom appears to be their center of operations.
If I close my eyes and listen to Big Edie's voice it reminds me very much of my own late aunt, who was from that area of the country and had that Lawn Guyland accent.
One scene has Little Edie putting on flea repellent, lovely, you can see all the cats scratching all the time so the place must have been infested.
The box refers to these two women as "eccentric", and I'd have to say in this case it is just a euphemism for "wacked out of their gourds", but this film is not without its moments where you truly feel something for them.
This is equal parts creepy, sad, and disgusting, but I couldn't stop watching once I started.
This is not my "normal" type of flick but I found it to be somewhat fascinating.
It won't be for everybody though, guaranteed.
"Tarzan and His Mate", the second of MGM's Tarzan pictures, picks up a year after the events of "Tarzan the Ape Man".
Tarzan and Jane have been living happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the expeditioners in the first film) returns, this time accompanied by the less-than-honorable Martin Arlington, in quest of the ivory from the elephants' graveyard.
Naturally, a variety of perilous and exciting adventures take place along the way.The first film romanticized everything--the jungle, adventure, romance itself, wild animals, and even death.
The second film still has a great deal of romanticism and a lot of wonderful action sequences, but a more serious tone underlies the action.
The characters dare to ask questions like: What if something happened to Tarzan?
What would Jane do if she was stranded by herself in the middle of the jungle and she had to fend for herself?
While these are probably the questions real people would be asking in this situation, it creates a certain amount of somberness that isn't always as much fun as the throw-caution-to-the-wind attitude of the original.One of the most enjoyable aspects of this film is the growth we see in Tarzan and Jane's relationship.
Tarzan still speaks very broken English, but he has clearly learned a few new words from his mate.
Additionally, their love for each other has really blossomed, and we feel like they really have spent a year together in the jungle.Most people consider "Tarzan and His Mate" superior to the original "Tarzan the Ape Man".
Personally, I liked the first film just a little bit better.
The main reason is that the relationship between the Harry Holt & Martin Arlington team isn't nearly as likable as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original.
The Mr. Arlington character could have worked as a great movie villain, but he plays the hero for far too much of the movie.
The movie can never decide whether we should like him or hate him.
(Also, I don't want to give anything away, but in one of the scenes where we should clearly hate him, Jane never finds out about those events, so the ending isn't quite as satisfying as it could have been.)
All of these detractors are relatively minor, however, and it's still a great movie.Like the first film, "Tarzan and His Mate" has amazing action scenes, wonderful wildlife footage, and one of the screen's all-time greatest romances.
If you liked the first film in the series, this is definitely a sequel to see.
If you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal.
It's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a brilliant narrative, mind-bending plot twists, and gorgeous cinematography.A lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies.
But as they say, every story cribs from Shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.You will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals.
Don't misconstrue that to mean it's on the same level as cheesy Sci-Fi channel movies, though, because this is on a much higher level.If you're looking for action, you should turn away.
This is pure psychology.
But if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a novel cinematic experience, by all means, DO IT NOW!
Watch this movie now before it becomes cool to have seen it!
This was the first "Walking Tall" movie I saw, I think in a $2 movie theater along Hollywood Blvd.
, so I didn't have any reference to the first installment done by Joe Don Baker.
I remember being shocked at the corrupted system of McNairy County and the brutality of the "redneck gangs".
I was also amazed at the fact that one man decided he's not going to let it slide, and went out to do something about it.
Courageous ?
I thought so - to a point where it sent shivers up my spine.I think this movie is a great story about American courage to stand up and do something about a system that's only serving its own interest.
I was pretty blown away about it, and think this is still one of the best movie of the hero/anti-hero genre, which one might laugh but includes recent movies like the "The Punisher", but even more so because it's a true story.
The recent remake starring the "Rock" just doesn't do any justice to the real fire in the story of Buford Pusser.A "classic" that I'm sure will resurface again in the future.
Visconti's first film has all his trademark visual flair and immaculate technique, accompanied by compelling performances from Massimo Girotti as the handsome drifter and, best of all, Clara Calamai as the fabulous, frantic Giovanna.
Remade several times as 'The Postman Rings Twice' but never bettered.
Can't believe this was the man's first film!
It shows the confidence of someone at the zenith of their career.
Hidden Frontiers-is more than fan fiction- it is well thought out and organized series keeping the worlds of Star Trek alive and growing.
From a fun little fan project to now a well known net series; Hidden Frontiers has a bit of something for every star trek fan in it.
Set in the Late Star Trek: Next Generation/DS9 and Voyager time lines Hidden Frontier takes on topics and issues raised in other Star Trek series with set stories using a well developed characters, plots, and story arcs.
Star Trek Hidden Frontier has taken on social context stories that Gene Roddenberry failed to bring to the screen and has shown the development of characters in long term space assignments - the real things that happen in close quarters as well as an exciting spatial wars and conflicts Sci-Fi addicts know and love.
Done in a "Green Screen" studio; Hidden Frontiers brings a rollicking cast of regulars on to the screen and into your hearts.
The large ensemble cast of actors plays well together and lovingly gives their time and energy to the project.
Inventive use of green screen technology, props, makes up and costumes work to make the Hidden Frontier worlds of Star Trek fun and believable.
Hidden Frontier has gone where few tread to go in the world of science fiction, and thrived once they got there.
Hidden Frontier offers a wonderful bonus feature of a well thought out website, with interesting discussion forums, access to creative, production and acting staff and a fun weekly chat.
I highly recommend taking the time to down load and watch.
Best show since Seinfeld.
She's really really funny.
Her total self centeredness, the hulking gay stoner neighbors, the departures into song or cartoons, make this the freshest show on TV.
One of the few shows I make point of watching.
The scene with the wise old black lady in the drugstore ("oh wait now that you're close you do look old" turns face with finger and walks away lol), the cough syrup overdose, sleeping with God, it's all so funny or so stupid it's just a lot of fun.
The shows weak points are her sister and the cop-only because they're too darn normal!!
I really can't wait until the next show, something I haven't felt for any show in a long time.
Oh, those sneaky Italians.
It's not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the, in this case, author of the novel.
Of course this is not something that is typically Italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema, mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it.
James M. Cain's publishers managed to keep this movie off American screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic.The movie is not as great to watch as the 1946 American version but it's a great movie nevertheless.
This of course not in the least is due to the movie it's great strong story, that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism.
It follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story, with of course as a difference that it got set in an Italian environment.Leave it up to the Italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it.
These early drama's always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch.
Unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end, when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts.
The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.Nevertheless, I don't really have much else negative to say about this movie.
It's simply a greatly made one, based on some equally great and strong source material.
Quite an impressive directorial debut for Luchino Visconti, who continued to direct some many more great and memorable Italian dramatic movies.8/10
Several years ago when I first watched "Grey Gardens" I remember laughing and finding it hilarious camp.
Years later I still laugh out loud when I watch it, but after many viewings I've come to see the beauty in the strange, twisted relationship between the inseparable "Big" Edith Bouvier Beale and her daughter "Little" Edith Bouvier Beale.Mother and daughter living together in their decaying 28 room East Hampton mansion add a whole new meaning to the term "Shabby Chic".
With innumerable cats, raccoons and opossums as roommates this Aunt and Niece of Jackie O. allowed filmmakers Albert and David Maysles into their mansion to film them living life day to day.
The result is a hilarious, beautiful, sad and moving account of true love and anarchy rule.The relationship between Big and Little Edie is a testament to the unbreakable bonds of love.
And their lives an example of drive, determination and free-will.
This movie has more to recommend it than I can put down into words.
It is a rare experience that you must see for yourself.
This is why i so love this website !
I saw this film in the 1980's on British television.
Over the years it is one i have wished i knew more about as it has stayed with me as one of the single most extraordinary things i have ever seen in my life.
With barely a few key words to remember it by, i traced the film here, and much information, including the fact it's about to become an off-Broadway musical !Interestingly, unlike the previous comment maker, i do not remember finding this film sad, or exploitative.
On the contrary, the extraordinary relationship between the mother and daughter stuck in the mind as a testimony of great strength, honour and dignity.
Ironic you may think, considering the squalor of their lives.
Maybe it's because i live in Britain, where fading grandeur has an established language in the lives of old money, where squalor is often tolerated as evidence of good breeding; I saw it as a rare and unique portrayal of enormous spirit, deep and profound humour, whose utterly fragile and delicately balanced fabric gave it poise and respect.
In a way i was sorry to see it being discussed as a 'cult'.
Over the years, as it faded in my mind, it shone the brightest, above all others as a one off brilliant & outstanding televisual experience.
It was such a deeply private expose, it seems odd to think of it becoming so public as to be a New York musical.
But perhaps somewhere, the daughter will be amused by such an outcome.
It is she who will have the last laugh maybe..(They made a musical out of her before you Jackie O' )
Tarzan and his mate(1934) was the only Tarzan movie I didn't see when I was a kid.
It sounded boring.
Now I have seen it.
I have seen the ape man(1932) about a hundred times and I keep a copy on my drive.
It's a remarkable movie.
It's almost flawless.
Tarzan and his mate(1934) however, falters.
It's not harmonic and it's parts tend to live a life of there own.
The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great.
Big budget expensive.
Tarzan himself is co-starring.
Jane dominates.
She have developed and have become a jungle girl so sexy I tend to forget about criticism and sing her praise instead.
Well.
She let her be duped by a crock who steels a kiss from her and later murder an elephant.
She insists Tarzan to carry a bracelet who belonged to her father.
Forever.
The thing would split to pieces the moment he went about his businesses in the jungle.
Stupid?
Later someone founds it in the river.
Well it's supposed to proof Tarzan is dead.
Some cheap drama.
The crocks who has an obvious interest in a dead Tarzan convince Jane that he is gone.
She takes their words for granted and want to be taken away(to England).
Stupid Jane seems to have forgot how tough Tarzan is, how hard he is to kill.
The caravan is leaving and Jane go along.
Again a pothole.
She could easily make the caravan rest for a few hours or more, to pick up a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband.
She could be smart.
She could dive where they found the floating bracelet, check the banks for traces.
She can make fire in 15 seconds and swing in Liana's.
Picking up traces shouldn't be too hard for jungle Jane.
She could talk to the apes, and so on.
If she get home to England without have done this she would become miserable.
Jane is smart but cheap drama brings her down.
And why on earth is she letting the kiss rapist get away with "I blame myself as much as you".
A punishment for being vane perhaps?
Nonsense.
Struggle, a hard slap and telling Tarzan would be appropriate.
Still.
This movie is far from bad even if the potholes are many and sometimes deep.
Just lean back and enjoy.
It's Tarzan and Jane for God sake.
When I started watching the show I said "Oh, no!
It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!".
And indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.But this is where the resemblance stops.
The love story is almost as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very few.
The magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the Holy Grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc.
However, this soon dims and fades from the beauty of the drawing and of the script.I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that I liked more, but were from other genres, I have to say that I was very pleased.
this movie probably had a $750 budget, and still managed to surpass Titanic.
i rented this the day i crashed my mom's car, and it was the only thing that cheered me up beyond belief!
it has to be tied with 'The Assult of the Killer Bimbos'.
Things to look for are: 1.
The drive in blow job chinese girl scene 2.
The bleach blonde in the sassoon shirt who never changes 3.
The Flinstone-like screech out driving 4.
The clashing ensemble worn by the redhead right before she gets killed (don't worry, i'm not ruining any surprises, for it's soooo predictable) 5.
The guy who finds it necessary to howl.
6.
The mental patient who plays a convincing job of being insane by poking out the eyes of a maniquen.
7.
The hour long chase at the end involving the teacher and the priest.
8. the womman writing grafitti on the bathroom wall.
9. last, but not least, the wonderful special effects--especially the stab in the boob that made a... heaven help me... popping noise.enjoy!
Young, handsome, muscular Joe Buck (Jon Voight) moves from Texas to New York thinking he'll make a living by being a stud.
He gets there and finds out quickly that it isn't going to be easy--he goes through one degrading experience after another.
At the end of his rope he hooks up with crippled, sleazy Ratso Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman).
Together they try to survive and get out of the city and move to Florida.
But will they make it?Very dark, disturbing yet fascinating movie.
Director John Schelsinger paints a very grimy portrait of NYC and its inhabitants.
In that way it's dated--the city may have been this bad in 1969 but it's cleaned up considerably by now.
He also uses every camera trick in the book--color turning to black & white; trippy dream sequences; flash forwards; flash backs (especially involving a rape); shock cuts; weird sound effects...you name it.
It keeps you disoriented and off center--but I couldn't stop watching.There isn't much of a story--it basically centers on the friendship between Rizzo and Buck.
There is an implication that they may have been lovers (the final shot sort of shows that).
It's just a portrait of two damaged characters trying to survive in a cold, cruel, urban jungle.This was originally rated X in 1969--the only reason being that the MPAA didn't think that parents would want their children to see this.
Nevertheless, it was a big hit with high schoolers (back then X meant no one under 17).
It also has been the only X rated film ever to win an Academy Award as Best Picture.
Hoffman and Voight were up for acting awards as was (mysteriously) Sylvia Miles who was in the picture for a total of (maybe) 5 minutes!
It was eventually lowered to an R (with no cuts) when it was reissued in 1980.Also the excellent song "Everybody's Talkin'" was introduced in this film--and became a big hit.A great film---but very dark.
I'm giving it a 10.
DON'T see it on commercial TV--it's cut to ribbons and incomprehensible.
A favourite of mine,this movie tells of two feuding New York "characters", Steve Brodie(Raft) and "Chuck" Connors(Beery),who both strive to be the "Main Guy" in the Bowery in the late Nineteenth Century.Brodie(1863-1901) and Connors(1852-1913),were real people,though this is a heavily fictionalized account of their antics(based on a play).Brodie's legendary(did he do it?- it's still a cause of argument!
),jump from the Brooklyn bridge(1886),for which he became famous,is shown here as happening around the same time as the Spanish-American war(1898).Director Walsh clearly had a great affection for the period,so beautifully recreated here,and it includes a wild rumbustious ragtime number from saloon singer Trixie Odbray(a young Pert Kelton).Raft is at his slickest as Brodie,and Beery shows again what a clever actor he was,as tough, big hearted, and at times quite touching Connors.Pretty Fay Wray is the love interest both the boys are pursuing.Full of life and energy,"The Bowery" moves at a fast pace(unlike many early "talkies").It is not an easy movie to find,but is well worth looking out for.
FORGET CREDIBILITYYou must not expect credibility with action movies where the superhero has to perform an endless string of unbelievable feats, being trodden upon in the process but recovering at lightning speed, and transforming innocuous gadgets in lethal weapons... especially when Renny Harlin is directing.
"CLIFFHANGER " is no exception.
But the movie has numerous assets : breathtaking scenery gorgeously photographed, stunning special and visual effects ( the first five minutes are gripping and give the tone of the film ), excellent musical score, welcome attempts at levity to relieve some of the tension, and a solid cast : two heroes ( Stallone, star and cowriter, has the lion's share of the footage, but the excellent Michael Rooker more than stands his ground ), a charming heroin ( Janine Turner ), and one of the most darstardy bunch of villains ever ( priceless John Lithgow and deceivingly feminine Caroline Goodall, but also Rex Linn - in a longer than usual part and who makes the most of it, Leon, Craig Fairbrass ) Good, solid entertainment then , if no credibility.As Roger Ebert wrote ( about another film )"It's the kind of movie you can sit back and enjoy as long as you don't make the mistake of thinking too much."
Well... easily my favourite TV series ever.
Call me a walking mail cliché but include violence, mafia, sex, gambling, drugs etc.
on a show and you're already winning points on in my book.
Combine all that with acting that superceeds anything you've ever seen on the small screen, add directing that fits cinema of the vintage type and most of all writing that blows the mind (and a few brains a long the way) and you got yourself a show thats gonna be pretty tough to compete with.Above all stand two actors, James Gandolfini as Tony Soprano, and Edie Falco as His wife Carmela... as for Gandolfini, he fits his roll in a way that words cannot express, if you haven't seen him as tony yet see it now!I can go on and on and on about every character in the show, the psychological brilliance, the gripping scenes etc.
but you wouldn't be able to stop me so all I can say is that this is about the only show along with Seinfeld, that I am able to watch over and over again from start to finish and end up enjoying it even more.
This is a haunting, powerful Italian adaptation of James M. Cain's novel The Postman Always Rings Twice directed by the great Luchino Visconti.
What is so interesting about the film is that in every way it transcends it's source material to become something bolder and more original (interestingly Camus also credits Cain's novel as the key inspiration for his landmark novel The Stranger).
The film has a greater power and intensity than the novel because Visconti is able to create the filmic equivalent of Cain's narrative structure but offer a more complex exploration of gender.
Cain's very American novel is also uncritically fascinated with the construction of whiteness (the lead character Cora is obsessively afraid she will be identified as a Mexican and embarrassed that she married a Greek immigrant), which is not relevant to the Italian rural context that Visconti is working in.
This allows the class antagonisms to take center stage and dance among the embers of the passionate, doomed love affair of the two main characters.
This film is a complex, suspenseful, rewarding experience.
I am a fairly big fan of most of the films that have been based on Stephen King's books - this one rates as one of the scariest and most memorable.I have just finished rewatching it for about the tenth time and I still find it heart-wrenching as well as scary.The scene where Gage is on a sure collision course with the monster truck is one which stands out.
And the "No fair" uttered by little Miko Hughes near the end is a touch of brilliance.
This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies ever, and may be one of the best movies ever...
It's got a great plot that functions like a puzzle, with lots of intrigue and suspense.
This film is full of cat and mouse games and deceptions, with people hiding their identities and their natures.
The characters in this film live and breath much more than your average kung fu movie characters.
They are all interesting and compelling and the movie does a good job at giving them scenes to show their personality's and desires.The fight scenes play out like little stories and many of them are very original and exciting.
It has cool training sequences and martial arts skills that are so awesome they enter the realm of fantasy.
There are 5 members of the poison clan each one with his own style that mimics the special skill of a venomous animal.
The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in training applied during the film...
When this happens, The director uses quick cutting back to the training scene to draw a parallel.
These cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects and the whole thing really works nicely.One thing about this movie that is very original is the way it treats death.
The director Chang Cheh was obviously very concerned that the film not trivialize death.
This makes some of the scenes in the movie much more effective.
We actually care when people are killed in this film.
This is because the camera lingers on the horror of death even when the bad guys are killed.
Some of the sequences in this movie are truly gut wrenching.
When characters go in search of vengeance you really feel their anger and pain.At the same time, this is also a fun movie.
It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu film.
There is bad dubbing, The characters are willing to fight at the drop of a hat.
Some of the sound effects are hilarious and at times the behavior of the characters is incredibly unrealistic... all this just adds to the greatness of the film.And lets not forget that this director was a visual stylist much more gifted than most of his contemporaries.
If you watch this movie closely you will notice that the technical prowess on display is virtuostic.
Everything goes by so fast (because of the quick cutting style and the rapid camera movements of the genre) that it is easy to overlook how beautiful the movie really is.
The lighting and composition are spectacular at times.
The camera work and movement is extremely sophisticated along with very interesting fast paced editing...
In the scenes that portray suspense and intrigue for example, imagine Hitchcock moving at about twice the speed.
Chang Cheh was truly a master craftsman and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working within it's confines.
He doesn't rattle the boat of the kung fu genre film, but in a subtle way his skills permeate every scene and every shot and they add greatly to the quality of the work.
He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people.This is the real package A kung fu movie that delivers on every level.
It's art, it's trash, it's emotionally moving, and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but doesn't allow that morality to get in the way of delivering good action.
I recommend it to everybody whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
Four words account for why this film was made - "She Done Him Wrong".
The huge commercial success of that Mae West vehicle convinced the studio brass that Gay '90s melodramas were a viable proposition.
Here we are rewarded with a fast moving, well written romp which neatly targets the personalities of its stars.Wallace Beery and George Raft are excellent as friendly rivals; Jackie Cooper is a little harder to take, but it is Fay Wray who steals the film with her stock-in-trade damsel in distress.
With a strong director - as Walsh proves himself to be - Wray could carry a lot of punch, and she is utterly believable as the object of both Raft and Beery's affection.Lots of atmosphere, beautifully designed, this is a forgotten film worthy of revival.
Cypher is a clever, effective and eerie film that delivers.
Its good premise is presented well and it has its content delivered in an effective manner but also in a way the genre demands.
Although one could immediately label the film a science fiction, there is a little more to it.
It has it's obvious science fiction traits but the film resembles more of a noir/detective feel than anything else which really adds to the story.The film, overall, plays out like it's some kind of nightmare; thus building and retaining a good atmosphere.
We're never sure of what exactly is going on, we're never certain why certain things that are happening actually are and we're not entirely sure of certain people, similar to having a dream  the ambiguity reigns over us all  hero included and I haven't seen this pulled off in such a manner in a film before, bar Terry Gilliam's Brazil.
Going with the eeriness stated earlier, Cypher presents itself with elements of horror as well as detective, noir and science fiction giving the feeling that there's something in there for everyone and it integrates its elements well.There is also an espionage feeling to the film that aids the detective side of the story.
The mystery surrounding just about everyone is disturbing to say the least and I find the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), who is supposed to resemble a femme fatale, can be seen as less of a threat to that of everything else happening around the hero: People whom appear as friends actually aren't, people who say they're helping are actually using and those that appear harmless enough are actually deadlier than they look.
Despite a lot of switching things around, twisting the plot several times and following orders that are put across in a way to make them seem that the world will end if they're not carried out; the one thing that seems the most dangerous is any romantic link or connection with Lucy Liu's character  and she's trying to help out(!)
The film maintains that feeling of two sides battling a war of espionage, spying and keeping one up on its employees and opponents.
The whole thing plays out like some sort of mini-Cold war; something that resembles the U.S.A. and the U.S.S.R. in their war of word's heyday and it really pulls through given the black, bleak, often CGI littered screen that I was glued to.
What was also rather interesting and was a nice added touch was the travel insert shot of certain American states made to resemble computer microchips as our hero flies to and from his stated destinations  significant then how the more he acts on his and Foster's own motivation this sequence disappears because he's breaking away from the computerised, repetitive, controlled life that he's being told to live and is branching out.Cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good film.
To say it resembles the first Jason Bourne film, only set in the sci-fi genre, isn't cutting it enough slack but you can see the similarities; despite them both being released in the same year.
Like I mentioned earlier, there feels like there is something in this film for everyone and if you can look past the rather disappointing ending that a few people may successfully predict, you will find yourself enjoying this film.
Shocking, well-made chiller is an undervalued tale of atrocious murder and evil forces.Small town doctor tries to discover who, or what, is committing a series of violent sexual murders.Incubus is a tight mystery, with some horrific murder sequences, that builds to an off-beat and eerie climatic twist.
The murder scenes are intense and gory, so this isn't a film for the squeamish!
The direction of John Hough, along with a bizarre music score, combine to create a dark atmosphere of dread that runs through out the film.
It also carries a kind of Gothic vibe as well.
Nice filming locations and some stylish camera work also highlight.The cast isn't bad either.
The great John Cassavetes does a solid performance as the new doctor in town.
Also good are the performances of Kerrie Keane as the local reporter, Helen Hughes as the town historian, and Duncan McIntosh as a tormented psychic teen.All around Incubus is a forgotten horror film that needs to be re-discovered and re-evaluated.
*** out of ****
Very entertaining, and a great cast as noted.
I'd like to add that Bruce Dern did a fine job also, as is usually the case.
Worth renting if you can find it, which has proved difficult for me.
Also note that the Amazon link from this page currently goes to a different movie of the same name.
I'd waited for some years before this movie finally got released in England, but was in many ways very pleased when I finally saw it.
There are a lot of great things to the film, for a start the acting.
Its not something I have all that much need for in a horror picture but the people in this film all put in fine work.
This and the constantly gripping and interesting script, with a nice sorta Lovecraftian feel to it, give the film a real solid backbone.
Add to this the doses of surreal nightmare imagery and occasional gruesome gore and the films a winner.
It has my favorite kind of gore too, supernatural and splattery.
Also, the characters of Marcus, the angry bodybuilding transsexual and Daisy, his mentally retarded lover/plaything are genuinely freakish and unnerving at times, and give a far out, anything goes sense of morbid grown up craziness which works well with the frequent Freudian overtones.
This is one of the most impressive recent horror movies, far more shocking or out there than anything Hollywood can produce.
My only gripe was that I wanted the ending to be darker in tone, but it still works, so on the whole I'd really recommend this to serious horror buffs.
First of all, when people hear 'GUY RITCHIE', they immediately think of SNATCH.
Yes, Snatch was a good movie, but the problem is that everyone associates Guy Ritchie to Snatch.
They don't expect him to explore new frontiers.
This movie REVOLVER is different than snatch; it's much darker and is very complex.
The reason I gave a rating of 10 is because I've had to watch Revolver 3 times to understand everything.
So this movie toys with your head.
It's very cleverly written.This movie is different than Snatch.
It was done wonderfully, the cinematography is beautiful, and you can recognize Guy Ritchie's personal touch (style of directing) in it.What won me over was the complexity of the protagonist and how we are left with more questions than answers.
Luchino Visconti was light years ahead of his contemporaries.
The great directors of Italy of the 40s and 50s were men who understood the medium, but it was Luchino Visconti, a man of vision, who dared to bring a film like to show what he was capable of doing.
He clearly shows his genius early on in his distinguished career with "Ossessione", a film based on James Cain's "The Postman Always Ring Twice", which was later made by Hollywood, but that version pales in comparison with what Visconti achieved in the movie.
Luchino Visconti and his collaborators on the screen included an uncredited Alberto Moravia, a man who knew about the effect of passion on human beings.The film has been well preserved in the DVD format we watched recently.
The film is a must for all serious movie fans because we can see how Visconti's vision translated the text into a movie that rings true in a plausible way, something the American version lacked.What comes across watching the movie, is the intensity which the director got from his key players.
The magnificent Clara Calamai does an amazing job as Giovanna, the woman who has married an older man, but when Gino appears in her life, all she wants to do is rid herself of the kind man who gave her an opportunity in life.
Giovanna is one of the best creations in Ms. Calamai's achievements in the Italian cinema.
The last sequence of the film shows Ms. Calamai at her best in the ironic twist that serves as the moral redemption for the monstrous crime that was committed.Equally excellent is Massimo Girotti, one of the best actors of his generation who appears as Gino, the hunky man that awakens the obsessive passion in Giovanna.
Gino is the perfect man for Giovanna, something that Mr. Girotti projects with such ease and sophistication not equaled before in the screen.
Mr. Girotti makes the man come alive in a performance that seems so easy, yet with another actor it might not have been so apparent.
Juan DeLanda is seen as Giuseppe, the older man who fell in love with Giovanna.
In fact, his character rings truer than his counterpart in the American film, where he is seen more as a buffoon.The film is beautifully photographed by Domenic Scala and Aldo Tonti.
They gave the film a naturalistic look that was the way Italian directors of the era favored.
The original musical score of Giuseppe Rosati is perfect.
Visconti, a man who loved opera and was one of the best directors, also includes arias by Bizet and Verdi that fit well in the context of the movie.
"Ossessione" is a film to treasure because we see a great Luchino Visconti at the top of his form.
This is a very funny movie!
I have no idea whether it translates well into other languages or not.
However, I do think men all over the world can identify with "Frank" and his thoughts to some extent!
These thoughts are hugely entertaining and women will also enjoy this movie I'm sure!All cast members perform well, and this film could have been a tremendous hit all over the world if it was made in England or the US.
But for those of you who are fortunate enough to understand Swedish, you are in for a treat!Highly recommended.
I'm giving ten out of ten it's one of the best movies ever.
Absolutely smashed, stunned and dazed by the whole picture, marvellous playing of Jason Statham, Ray Liotta and all the crew, amazing plot... Just look into yourself and pluck up your courage to admit-it touched your soul, because it's strange, but there are all the answers you've been ever looking for...
The very best, mr. Ritchie!
THE VERY BEST EVER.
Those who were looking for a simple figtings and skirmish keep yelling they are disappointed.
But there are lots of shallow movies in Hollywood nowadays, you can't remember what it was about the next day you had seen it.
On the contrary, Revolver is unique, I could have hardly expected it's possible to portray such a clear and genius picture of myself, of everyone who was to watch it.
Absolutely unsurpassed, astounding, dazzling... One can get insight watching this, I have no doubt about that.
Actually, no words can express my admiration...
I'm still wondering how it was possible to shoot such a movie after years of giddy Hollywood rubbish we had been watching.
Thank you from all heart, it's simply the best.
First I would like to say how great this.
It is astounding and sometimes shocking.
And to say the least I'm 11 years old and this is my favorite movie, I can definitely stand a boring film, but this is anything but boring.
It is like a trip through humanity.
Its stark realism shows through this monumental masterpiece.
It is a heart wrenching tale of two down and outers (VOIGHT AND Hoffman) who build a mutual friendship.
Joe Buck (VOIGHT) a naive Texan stud comes to New York to make it rich by entertaining women.
Soon he meets Rico 'RATSO' Rizzo (HOFFMAN), who is a poor man barely being able to pay rent.
Ratso becomes Joe's 'manager' but soon both men can't find Joe a job which results in stealing food.
As they try and survive on the streets of New York we realize how tough it is.
They can't get Joe a girl until they meet a lady at a party.
Joe makes some money and soon Joe takes Ratso on a Ratso's dream spot, Florida.
The final five minutes are heart breaking yet some of the greatest moments in the film.
From MIDNIGHT COWBOY we get a stark and sometimes disturbing urban view on life.
I was totally impressed by Shelley Adrienne's "Waitress" (2007).
This movie only confirms what was clear from that movie.
Adrienne was a marvelously talented writer-director, an original and unique artist.
She managed to show the miseries of everyday life with absurd humor and a real warm optimistic and humanistic tendency.
Ally Sheedy steals this movie with a terrific performance as a woman who has fallen over the edge.
Male lead Reg Rodgers, looking like Judd Nelson, is fine.
There is also a great cameo by Ben Vereen.
The song at the end of the movie "The Bastard Song" written by Adrienne can stand as her optimistic eulogy: "It's a world of suffering,In a sea of pain,No matter how much sun you bring,You're pummeled by the rain...Don't let the heartless get you down,Don't greet the heartless at your door,Don't live among the heartless"
Illudere (to delude) comes from Latin verb 'ludere' (to play), so you're warned about the 'spy game' as a cruel and yet elaborate and intelligent (!)
activity stemmin' from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history, whatever it may be; and yet I feel fascinated by the mechanism of treason and loyalty, the raw material of any relationship, from the personal to the social; after, many years ago, I was ABLE to finish the book it was a revelation!
At the beginning I was so bored if not for the surprising style of the writing (I really started to LOVE Le Carre after that novel).
The main character is not wavering at all: he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love, or is he not?
After this novel you can clearly understand the darker version of Green's 'Our Man in Havana' wrote by LeCarre with 'The Tailor of Panama'; there is no game left, there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way, or both.
There is no Smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in 'the service', or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case.
The BBC has done a superb work with these series from LeCarre's novels: the actors are excellent, as are the locations and sets; of course the script here is brilliantly adapted.
Be warned though, even if someone may find it laughable, the after taste IS bitter.
Tommy JOnes and Matt Dillon do the gambling world proud.
The various moves with the wrists had to be learned as throwing craps is a skill in and of itself.There are a few surprises.
AS cynical as we are today, I fully expected the 'good girl' to be crying over his grave, instead of his Buddy's.
Especially with her remarks about 'going to the funeral of her best friend', when she first meets Matt.
And then of course you expect Matt to kill the guy who threw battery acid in Mr. Allen's face, blinding him (interesting role by Bruce Dern).
WRRROOONNNNGGG!!!
some of the other Hollywood endings DO happen, but the writing is so excellent, the acting so carefully wrought that you're blissfully unaware.And the music is OUT OF THIS WORLD.
Taking us back to the 50s when our 'native passions' were first being unleashed by the music of Ray Charles and Bo Diddley.
Even a little racism raring its ugly head in Chicago, but at a club called, wonderfully, 'Biloxi' with a Confederate flag backing up the racist remarks.
I'll be watching it again, just to hear the music.
Good thing I have the FACTOTUM sound track, so I can listen to that in the car.
Watch both together, and you'll see how Matt has matured....playing bar room characters in both.
NOw that he owns a bar in the Paramount HOtel in NYC, he probably has great opportunity to do his studies.
Great actor, just coming into his own.
He shows finely nuanced performances ...the good and the bad in his characters.
His 'young boy off the farm' is a great study, made especially poignant because of his bassett-hound eyes.
He makes love, convincingly as well.
Since he was in several movies with Diane Lane as a teen-ager, I wonder how that it ...making love to an actress you kinda grew up with.
Adds conviction, I'll say that.
I must admit, I was expecting something quite different from my first viewing of 'Cut' last night, though was delighted with the unexpected Australian horror gem.
I am a true horror fan as true as they come, and found 'Cut' to not only be the best of the genre Australia has ever produced, but one of the great parody/comedy films of late.My only concern is that mainstream audiences may not pick up on a lot of the comedic elements - the film was not overly clever in it's application but made me laugh at every turn trying to fit in EVERY possible cliche of the horror genre they could.
I am certain this was intended as humour....hoping this was intended as humour.And of course, there was the gore.The use of the 'customised' garden shears was brilliance - besides the expected stabs and slashes.
In short, there was a huge amount of variety and creativity in the many violent deaths, enough to please even the skeptics of this films worth.The appearance of both Kylie Minogue (short that her appearance was) and Molly Ringwald was just another reason to see the film - both performances were fantastic, as well as Simon Bossell ('The Castle') in a brilliant role as the jokey technician.All in all, I think this movie is one of the best horror products of the last couple or years, as well as a beautiful satire/parody - toungue-in-cheek till the very end.Loved it.
Go see it!
This movie is a ripoff of James Cain's novel, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE.
Apparently, the director and producer never bothered to pay for rights to this story--perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of fighting the Italians in WWII might account for their forgetting to consider royalties!
Despite this, the movie isn't really just an Italian version of the Hollywood movie.
In some ways it's a lot better and in other ways, it is definitely not.The three central characters in this movie are really pretty ugly people.
In fact, the male and female lovers are a bit icky-looking.
The male lead is pretty ordinary except for his profuse body hair (particularly on the back and shoulders) and his lady love is, to put it frankly, unattractive.
They are a very, very far cry from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version.
And the ill-fated husband is really, really obese and loves to walk around shirtless--and his counterpart in the American film, Cecil Kellaway is definitely better looking (and probably better looking than the other two Italian leads, actually).
And this unattractiveness is generally a reason I actually preferred the Italian film--since I just could NOT imagine a finely coiffed "dish" like Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere married to Kellaway--I am 100% sure she would have had dozens of better offers!
Whereas, the Italian wife frankly might NOT have been able to do much better and this made the marriage actually believable.Part of the Italian film's believability comes from the blunt way it handles sex.
The sanitized American film tries to make you believe that although Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never actually get around to sex!
This is pretty silly and totally unrealistic.
In addition to the casual sexuality of the film, it's also pretty casual in showing the seamy side of life--with lots of sweaty people, a fly strip hanging over the kitchen table and everyone appeared to need a bath.The movie is also pretty fast-paced compared to the over-long American film.
And what you get due to brevity isn't all good.
The film lacks a lot of the style and polish of the American film--with grainier footage, relatively poor orchestration and sets.
It sure ain't a pretty film, but the Neo-Realistic-like style makes the film seem more realistic.
But it cannot make up for the short-cuts in the plot.
Many of the plot elements in the later American version are either missing entirely or glossed over.
And the ending seems a lot less interesting than the American film--and misses the entire human nature dilemma when Turner and Garfield turn on each other like rats (the best part of the American film).So which is the better film?
Well, a lot of this probably depends on you.
As for me, the Warner Brothers film was simply too polished and too unrealistic (though many like this style and may dislike watching films with subtitles)--but it packed a great ending.
And the Italian film was much, much more realistic--until the crappy ending that seemed too rushed.
So neither film is exactly great, but I'd give my nod to the Italian one being a bit better.
It's too bad they couldn't have combined the best elements of both films into one exceptional film.
I was really excited about seeing this film.
I thought finally Australia had made a good film.. but I was wrong.This was the most pathetic attempt at a slasher film ever.
I feel sorry for Molly Ringwald having to come all the way to Australia to make an awful movie.The acting was terrible (especially that Australian guy who was trying to speak in an American accent), and the plot was also pretty bad.When I first heard about this film coming out, I thought that the title was pathetic (because it sounds like the cheesy film "Stab" in Scream 2), but I was willing to let it slide if it was a good movie.WARNING!!!
MAJOR SPOILERS!!
!Probably the worst thing about the film was the ending.
I was expecting a big surprise about who the killer was.. but the killer wasn't even human.. which turned this realistic slasher film into an awful horror movie.Don't see this film.. you'll probably be disappointed!
I really can't remember who recommended this, but they said it was one of their favorite films.
It is certainly a strange one - like rubbernecking at a highway accident.Someone said that truth is stranger than fiction, and the truth here is something to see.
I really can't understand how a fictionalized account of this documentary is to be released this year.
How can you improve on this?
The aunt and cousin of Jackie Kennedy remove themselves from New York Society and hide in the Hampton's.
In the process they become recluses and what is best described as "crazy cat ladies."
They would have stayed hidden had not the city move to condemn the property for the filth and the subsequent rescue by Jackie.
This film was done after that rescue.
All during, you couldn't help but think, "how bad was it before?"
It's a look at high society from the darker side, and it is utterly fascinating.
A dying Kung Fu master sends out his last student in order to track down what happened to the previous five students who were members of the banned Poison Clan.He is to see if they are acting for good and if not he his to stop them The master also wants the student to find another member of the clan who ran off with the clans money which the master wants used for good.
The earlier students were all taught in a different style snake, centipede, scorpion, lizard, toad, while the last student was taught a little in each style.
All of the students end up in one town looking for the old man with all of the money,and soon everyone is battling to get the money.Classic martial arts film has title that even many non-fans know.
I've spoken with a couple of casual fans and this seems to be the one film that sticks in their head.
Its a very good movie, though I'm not really sure why this film stays with people when for my money there are other films that are better from the Shaw studio (One armed Swordmen or the Brave Archer series for example).
This isn't to sell the film short, its not, since the film is structured like a mystery, our hero has no clue who anyone is and the Venoms themselves only know at best who two of the others is.
We're given the identity of four but we still have to work out who the fifth really is.
The film is also odd in that for a martial arts film, other than a training sequence at the start and the killing of the old man and his family for the money, there is really no action for about 40 or 45 minutes.
Its a bold move to do it but it pays off since the plot and the performances hold your attention.
(The film is also odd in that its the first martial arts film I think I've ever seen where there are no women.
I don't think one has a speaking role and I'm pretty sure that none appear in the background.
Its indicative of nothing, its just something that struck me.)
This is a good solid little film that may not live up to the reputation it has in some circles, but is still a really good film to curl up with on your couch.Around 7 out of 10.
Spoilers!
Classic 70's sex trash!
The Swedish gal (Helga) was what made this movie so great.
She was beautiful, but what really got to me was how sexual she was.
She exuded massive quantities of sexuality throughout the film.
Her best scenes were when she was, er, stimulating herself.
Whenever she was on screen, I became transfixed.Also, the Doctor Julia (sister of the dimwitted male focus of the film) was very interesting visually.
Although most 12 year old girls have bigger breasts than Julia, she knew how to use what little she had and her scenes (especially the scenes with the silk blouse and black skirt) also grabbed my attention unmercilessly.
You also got to love the major hoaky scene where the bats stripped her nekkid; I don't know if I've ever seen anything more ludicrous yet sexy at the same time.
Classic stuff!
Brendan Filone is the absolute best character in The Sopranos.
he died by getting shot in the eye.
This was the best and well orchestrated scene ever in the Sopranos.
Brendan Filone is too good.
Brendan Filone shall haunt Uncle Junior in his dreams until Uncle Junior can't take it anymore.
Brendan Filone is the best character.
Brendan Filone was killed in episode # 3, Denial, anger, acceptance.
But his legacy will live on forever.
Brendan Filone is the best character on Sopranos!
Brendan Filone is the best character ever.
I recommend this show to anyone who likes Drama and wants to see good death scenes and great directing and producing, because it doesn't get any better than this series.
Brendan Filone is the best.
Hitchcock displays his already developed understanding for visuals in this early silent film.
The plot of the film, involving two boxers fighting over a girl, is straight-forward drama without much to recommend it.
Hitchcock's talent, though, is found in his stunning use of images.
Nearly every shot is filled with visual symbols.
Especially memorable is the jewelry that one boxer gives the girl just before she marries the other boxer.
He slides it up her arm in a clearly sexual way and with one simple movement Hitch has shown us all we need to know.
The boxing scenes are handled well with some interesting point-of-view shots that again prove how far ahead of his time Hitchcock was.
The film also gives insight into his later treatment of women.
The object of the boxers' desires is driven by money and lust, not reason or love.
The only other women in the film are either beautiful party girls who make open offers of sex or old crones who help to destroy happy relationships.
All in all, the Ring is a must for anyone interested in Hitchcock's early work and his development as a visual storyteller.
I was speechless and devastated after my first viewing of this - many parts of GREY GARDENS are very funny and unbelievably surreal - documentary of not, this really gives Fellini or David Lynch a run for their money in the weirdsville sweepstakes.
I kept focusing on how these women (who are clinically way beyond eccentric) reveal their own humanity in the most surprising of ways, and I wonder whether their retreat from the world was prompted by something beyond the stuffiness of life in the unreal blue-blood universe, perhaps some abuse, or perhaps simply a streak of defiance and rebellion that spiralled out of their control and took on a life of its' own.
This might be one of the greatest ever films that comes dangerously close to exploitation, without going completely over the edge - as the Edies do their thing, I kept noting things like the empty gin bottles in the rubble-strewn bedroom, cats urinating on the bed, racoons emerging from holes in the walls, and the final scene seemed incredibly sad - like a child's birthday party gone seriously wrong.
Very definitely worth seeing and seeking out - you'll never forget it, but very disturbing.
I love this freekin movie!
Walsh is a true master of the cinematic form, his film have been sometimes in my opinion, overlooked.
But this film is a favourite of mine because it really gives you the feel of the time the film was set in.\All the wonderful characters that existed, the lifestyle, the mode of dress, the way they spoke, OK they might be exaggerated, but it is good to know that there were occasion when two men tried to outdo each other with insane stunts.I just felt it was apiece of history thats should be wathced by many people and appreciated because of that fact.Can I get it somewhere on DVD?
I have only seen it on TV.
But for anyone wanting a slice of life movie about that period of time this is the perfect one.
this was one of the funniest and informative shows that I have ever seen.
This is a MUST see for anyone over the age of 16. this show had me and my 2 boys laughing out loud from the beginning.
I don't know if everything on the show was true but the way it was presented left little doubt that Mr Wuhl was not only very knowledgeable but he also had a blast presenting this information to the very lucky college kids who were in attendance.
If Mr Wuhl ever decides to do this format again they will have to rent a building the size of the Georgia Dome to hold all the people who will want to see it.
I agree with the idea of making this a HBO series.
It would have an amazing following
It's not quite the timeless masterpiece you would hope it would be based on the acclaim it garnered, but 1969's "Midnight Cowboy" is still a powerhouse showcase for two young actors just bursting into view at the time.
Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, the movie seems to be a product of its time, the late 1960's when American films were especially expressionistic, but it still casts a spell because the story comes down to themes of loneliness and bonding that resonate no matter what period.
The film's cinematic influence can still be felt in the unspoken emotionalism found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain".The meandering plot follows Joe Buck, a naive, young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a stud-for-hire for rich women.
Full of energy but lacking any savvy, he fails miserably but is unwilling to concede defeat despite his dwindling finances.
He meets a cynical, sickly petty thief named "Ratso" Rizzo, who first sees Joe as an easy pawn.
The two become dependent on one another, and Rizzo begins to manage Joe.
Things come to a head at a psychedelic, drug-infested party where Joe finally lands a paying client.
Meanwhile, Rizzo becomes sicker, and the two set off for Florida to seek a better life.
This is not a story that will appeal to everyone, in fact, some may still find it repellent that a hustler and a thief are turned into sympathetic figures, yet their predicaments feel achingly authentic.In his first major role, Jon Voight is ideally cast as he brings out Joe's paper-thin bravado and deepening sexual insecurities.
As Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully upends his clean, post-college image from "The Graduate" and immerses himself in the personal degradation and glimmering hope that act as an oddly compatible counterpoint to Joe.
The honesty of their portrayals is complemented by Schlesinger's film treatment which vividly captures the squalor of the Times Square district at the time.
The director also effectively inserts montages of flashbacks and fantasy sequences to fill in the character's fragile psyches.
Credit also needs to go to Salt for not letting the pervasive cynicism overwhelm the pathos of the story.
The other performances are merely incidental to the journeys of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro as the woman Joe meets at the party, Sylvia Miles as a blowsy matron, John McGiver as a religious zealot and Barnard Hughes as a lonely out-of-towner.The two-disc 2006 DVD package contains a pristine print transfer of the 1994 restoration and informative commentary from producer Jerome Hellman since unfortunately neither Schlesinger nor Salt are still living.
There are three terrific featurettes on the second disc - a look-back documentary, "After Midnight: Reflections on a Classic 35 Years Later", which features comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and related archive footage such as Voight's screen test; "Controversy and Acclaim", which examines the genesis of the movie's initial 'X' rating and public response to the film; and a tribute to the director, "Celebrating Schlesinger".
Make no mistake, Maureen O'Sullivan is easily the most gorgeous Jane ever, and there will never be one more gorgeous.
She is visually stunning.
That aside, it takes more than a beautiful woman to make a good film.
This is a great film.
It not only has the classic Tarzan aura, but also the feel of the continuing saga.
We become involved with the two white hunters who search for ivory, one of them in love with Jane, the other, a roguish catalyst whose character may be one of the best defined and best examined in movie history.And these characterizations are what make this great action flick stand out as a classic.
There is the uncomfortable racism which is depicted.
However, the Africans are depicted as individuals, and at the end, two even become more heroic than the white hunters, and stand out as such.
In fact, the one not named evokes probably more sympathy from the audience than any other characters.
The finale, also, is one of the reasons to enjoy this movie.
The great lion attack has never been duplicated, and the horror is well implied with character reactions more so than a modern gore movie would do with graphic depiction.
If I left anything out, it is because I do not want to soil the picture for those who haven't seen it.
But it is everything you could want in a movie.
French horror cinema has seen something of a revival over the last couple of years with great films such as Inside and Switchblade Romance bursting on to the scene.
Maléfique preceded the revival just slightly, but stands head and shoulders over most modern horror titles and is surely one of the best French horror films ever made!
Maléfique was obviously shot on a low budget, but this is made up for in far more ways than one by the originality of the film, and this in turn is complimented by the excellent writing and acting that ensure the film is a winner.
The plot focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic.
The central character is a man named Carrère, sent to prison for fraud.
He is put in a cell with three others; the quietly insane Lassalle, body building transvestite Marcus and his retarded boyfriend Daisy.
After a short while in the cell together, they stumble upon a hiding place in the wall that contains an old journal.
After translating part of it, they soon realise its magical powers and realise they may be able to use it to break through the prison walls.Black Magic is a very interesting topic, and I'm actually quite surprised that there aren't more films based on it as there's so much scope for things to do with it.
It's fair to say that Maléfique makes the best of it's assets as despite it's restraints, the film never actually feels restrained and manages to flow well throughout.
Director Eric Valette provides a great atmosphere for the film; the fact that most of it takes place inside the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and this immensely benefits the central idea of the prisoners wanting to use magic to break out of the cell - it's very easy to get behind them!
It's often said that the unknown is the thing that really frightens people, and this film proves that as the director ensures that we can never really be sure of exactly what is round the corner, and this helps to ensure that Maléfique actually does manage to be quite frightening!
The film is memorable for a lot of reasons outside the central plot; the characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself almost takes on its own character is very well done.
Anyone worried that the film won't deliver by the end won't be disappointed either as the ending both makes sense and manages to be quite horrifying!
Overall, Maléfique is a truly great horror film and one of the best of the decade - HIGHLY recommended viewing!
Having read the reviews for this film, I understandably started watching it with a great deal of doubt in my mind that it would actually be any good.
However, this is one of the best films i have seen in a long time.
The majority of reviews that i had read, said that the complicated plot made it too hard to follow.
And whilst some parts do leave you confused, the ending ties up so many loose ends that you feel like kicking yourself because you've missed so much.
It's not like "Lock, Stock..." or "Snatch", in the sense that it isn't that funny (in fact, it's pretty dark), and it is a lot more intelligent, in the way that you see parts of scenes from different viewpoints (and, in one of the best scenes of the film, Jason Statham spends five minutes in a lift having an argument with himself).
The way in which it is similar to the two films i just mentioned, is that it is full of memorable characters, specifically Statham, who gives a fantastic performance as the lead, and Ray Liotta, who spends most of the film in Speedos, but gives a great performance none the less.
If you've got time, and have time afterwards to think about the film, and even watch it again, you really start to see all the symbolism and hints that are laid out through the film.
I think it's fantastic, and that Guy Ritchie is a director on top of his game.
It's interesting how the train of research can flow.
I started out looking at an article about Cristo's "The Gates" in Central Park.
The article stated that the Maysles had been Cristo's filmographers for years.
Hmmm... Then I got to looking at their body of work.
I believe one of them has passed on but the other is still filming Cristo and Jean Claude in their stages of creation.
Grey Gardens sounded very interesting.
Video Station, in Boulder CO, is the place to look for the obscure or offbeat and of course they had it in stock.
DVD and VHS.
Edith and Edie are women living in the past, and oh what a glorious past it was.
Edith had been well off, born a Bouvier, married well, had several wonderful relationships and became a singer when she was in her forties.
Her daughter Edie had been a débutante, a fashion model and had many beaus.
She never married and at some point in her thirties had come home to recuperate.
She seems to have a nervous disorder of some kind.
Worrying too much about things.
It is only a shadow of the world they live in though, because Jackie O. came and spruced up the place so her aunt and cousin would not be evicted.
It is a 28 room mansion that is worn down and worn out.
But, in the film you will notice fresh paint on the walls.
If you look carefully at the newspaper clippings you see it was very much a dirty mess.
The outfits Edie comes up with a very clever and creative.
The viewer gets the impression that Edith likes to go nude, but she doesn't in the movie.
Edith was really quite beautiful and you can see the shadow of her beauty still as she sings "Tea for Two".
Edie too was a beauty in her day and quite attractive at 56.
It was a good movie, though not for everyone.
When the cat is urinating behind Edith's portait she states, " at least someone is doing what they want"!
Now this is what I'd call a good horror.
With occult/supernatural undertones, this nice low-budget French movie caught my attention from the very first scene.
This proves you don't need wild FX or lots of gore to make an effective horror movie.The plot revolves around 4 cellmates in a prison, and each of these characters (and their motives) become gradually more interesting, as the movie builds up tension to the finale.
Most of the action we see through the eyes of Carrere, who has just entered prison and has to get used to living with these 3 other inmates.I won't say much because this movie really deserves to be more widely seen.
There a few flaws though: the FX are not that good, but they're used effectively; the plot leaves some mysteries open; and things get very confusing towards the end, but Malefique redeems itself by the time it's over.I thought his was a very good movie, 8/10
Director Vincenzo Natali's Cypher is a complex and imaginative thriller which, although requiring some suspension of belief and plenty of concentration, manages to be a thoroughly entertaining experience.Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), a stay-at-home husband with an overbearing wife, decides to add a bit of spice to his mundane existence by getting a job as an industrial spy at high-tech company Digi Corp. His job is to travel to conferences across the country (under the assumed identity of Jack Thursby) and secretly broadcast the speeches given back to his bosses, via a nifty little electronic pen-gizmo.In reality, however, the speeches are merely a cover for far more nefarious activities.
Morgan, along with his fellow conference attendees, is being brainwashed.
The drugged water they are drinking puts them into a temporary coma, during which they are told to forget their pasts and permanently adopt their new identities.
Once they are totally convinced that they are someone else, they are told to apply for jobs with rival companies, where they are able to indulge in corporate espionage without suspicion.But Digi Corp's plans are scuppered by the intervention of shady operative-for-hire Rita Foster (Lucy Liu), who opens Morgan's eyes to what is really happening.
She gives Morgan an antidote to the mind altering drugs so that he can resist the brainwashing techniques.
She also warns him that if Digi Corp suspects that he does not fully believe he is Jack Thursby, then he will be 'eliminated'.
Morgan plays along, and applies for a job at rival business Sunways.However, arriving at his new workplace, he is given a polygraph test and is immediately rumbled as a spy.
Fortunately, the bosses at Sunways see this as an ideal opportunity to feed false data to Digi Corp and Morgan becomes a double agent.From hereon in, things get progressively more complicated; the plot twists and turns and poor old Morgan ends up not being able to trust anyone.
In an exciting finale, all eventually becomes clear (but only if you've been following events very carefully).Director Natali handles proceedings confidently and certainly has a great ability to produce a classy looking film for a relatively low budget.
He manages to get some great performances from his talented cast; Jeremy Northam,in particular, is fantastichis portrayal of the initially somewhat nervous Morgan is played to perfection.Cypher is another fascinating movie from a director who is willing to take chances and I eagerly look forward to his forthcoming projects, High Rise and Necropolis.
Midnight Cowboy made a big fuss when it was released in 1969, drawing an X rating.
By today's standards, it would be hard pressed to pull an R rating.
Jon Voight, who has been better, is competent in his role as Joe Buck, an out of town hick wanting to make it big with the ladies in New York City.
He meets a seedy street hustler named Ratso Rizzo, who tries to befriend Buck for his own purposes.
The two eventually forge a bond that is both touching and pathetic.
As Ratso, Dustin Hoffman simply shines.
Hoffman has often been brilliant, but never more so than in this portrayal.
He is so into character that all else around him pales in comparison.
Losing the Academy Award to John Wayne is one of the most ridiculous decisions ever made by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Director Schlessinger has a deft hand with his production, but this film has a grungy underbelly that leaves a bad taste in the mouth of the viewer.
Worth seeing for Hoffman's performance alone.
I always enjoy seeing movies that make you think, and don't just drip-feed the answers to their audience.
"Revolver" is one of these films, and although many reviewers have stated that it is difficult to follow, with a bit of concentration and an open mind I got it.
First time.
True, it doesn't compare to other mind-mucks like "The Usual Suspects" or "Memento", but in its own right its an intelligent and thought-provoking film.
Another thing I really liked about this film is how damn beautiful it is.
Every scene, every camera angle seems to have been thought about for ages.
If you see it you'll know what I mean.So, to conclude... watch it with an open mind and you may enjoy it.
If not, well, no-one ever said "Revolver" is for everyone.
And that's my 2 cents.
I recommend families if possible,to show this to older children only.Some of the stuff in this film maybe too disturbing for little ones to handle.Now that thats out of the way,let me explain about this movie.This is in reality a documentary of a male fox,who in the beginning is protecting his territory and seeking a mate.The beginning with the gorgeous sunrise and music score,is breath taking.You had better soak in as much of the scenery as possible,it'll get ugly later.They gave both the fox and the vixen names,but I can't remember what they are for the likes of me.He fights off this invading male,to win her love.They later on create a den,and the vixen gives birth to four adorable cubs;one of which is blind.There are many happy and playful moments featuring the fox family,but tragedy and bad luck strike all too soon.The first victim is the blind pup,who gets too close to a high tide and is washed away.The second victim is the mother,who while stealing chickens is deceived by a dead chicken hanging on a pole.She unknowingly walks into a foot trap.While trying to escape she rips off part of her foot,causing her to bleed to death.The rest of the fox family is forced to watch her die under a tree.The male is now a single dad,forced to take on the roll of mom and dad.He alone has to teach them the skills they need for life.It later proves not to be enough,when two of the now grown pups meet an ugly fate of their own; thanks to the carelessness and cruelity of man.I won't spoil the surprising ending for you,but it does show the farmer and his dogs close on his tail.And it is a well deserved ending after what the audience and the fox family was put through.I wanted to say that I saw this when it first came out in early 1980s, when we had a thing called Showbiz cable.I was only 4 when I saw it,but I could never understand why they wouldn't let me see all of it.Now I know why,after I secretly watched it when it came on Disney,when I was 9.I felt emotionally gutted after seeing all this evil going on.I was moved to tears.But as dark and ugly as it was,it serves a purpose.To let people what is going to these and other kinds of animals,and why they are endangered.This documentary wanted to get the message across about this endangered species,and I hoped it worked.Its not fake like the True life nature films by Disney,they don't teach about why animals are going extinct.The encroachment of land,the killing off of the foxes main prey,and senseless killing of these beautiful animals;has resulted in them becoming endangered.I wish they would make sequel to this movie,(Glacier Fox 2005)to see if they're being treated better.Maybe have it be about a vixen pup named Teresa and her siblings growing up.This movie also kind of reflects what happens to human families sometimes,especially when one of the parents suddenly dies.The surviving parent takes on the roll of both,and tries to teach the important lessons of life.It isn't always enough to protect them when they're adults,especially when some of their lives becomes ruined.Or they fall victims to tragedy themselves.Best all around soundtrack and musical score I've ever heard.
Joe Buck (Jon Voight) decides he's going to leave his small life in Texas and make it big in the Big City.
The women are there for the asking and the men are mainly "tutti-fruttis."
Wide-eyed, he comes to New York City, not prepared for the series of humiliating misadventures he experiences, one worse than the other.
In the middle of that chaos, he meets and befriends Rico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffmann), a homeless-looking man who lives in an apparently condemned building.There isn't much of a story as MIDNIGHT COWBOY is a series of vignettes destined to bring forth not only Joe Buck's plights in the City, but also inter-cut to his past and show us in shock cuts and semi-psychedelic dream sequences snippets of his past: his failed relationship with his girlfriend Annie (Jennifer Salt) who was gang-raped, his abandonment by his mother, and his apparent abuse by his grandmother, who also had a habit of hustling men for money.
An air of pessimism dominates the film almost from the wistful beginning as Nilsson plays throughout the opening credits his deceptively flowery "Everybody's Talking'"; we feel that even while we want Joe to eventually make his mark in the City, the odds are high he won't and will end up working for pennies in a dead-end job -- shown in a masterful shot from his outside point of view later in the film as he watches a man work as a dishwasher in a soup kitchen through a window and sees himself.
We know from the look in his eyes he does not want to end like this.A dark story of dashed hopes, John Schlesinger creates haunting images of lost souls at the end of the 60s, and at the center, the prevailing friendship between two men as they struggle to make some sort of meaning to their lives amidst the elusive comfort of a dignified life.
There is the implied notion that they may have been lovers -- Ratso's reaching out to hug Joe in the party scene and their the final embrace at the end certainly points at this -- but this is essentially a buddy film, one that manages to survive, literally, to the death, and bring some form of hope to Joe who at the end in Florida seems much changed, older, wiser.
When people nowadays hear of a 1940s drama, they usually appear to create a distance of irony claiming that it's another tearjerker with great stars in the lead of tragic, melancholic roles.
This opinion, however, does not resemble Neorealist movies, in particular this one directed by Count Luchino Visconti.
OSSESSIONE as his debut once censored and once cherished as nearly a realistic masterpiece is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others.
The contradictory opinions about the film that have appeared in these 65 years seem to have been caused by the content of the movie itself, exceptionally controversial for modern times as well as the past.
At the same time, while being based on the novel by James M. Cain, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE, it is one of the most genuine screen adaptations where director remains his own style, view, his own art.
I have seen the film twice and the second viewing led me to very detailed analysis part of which I'd like to entail below.First, Visconti's movie seems to touch all psychology and actions that people may do in life, in particular those absorbed by desire.
These people make such tragic decisions in spite of terrible consequences they are bound to face.
Gino (Massimo Girotti) a traveler with "bear like shoulders" turns up at the crossroad of a motorway near Ferrara and enters the tavern.
Although many people go there to have a meal, Gino occurs to get something more - much more: the indefatigable desire of beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai) a woman already married to an elderly man who runs the bar, Mr Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa).
Her body and her song possess his mind totally and from the moment of their first love, the couple plan to get rid of the old obstacle and build up a new life together...
However, are people bound to wrong deeds in face of desire?
Can one build love upon murder?
What is love and what is loyalty?
Does desire lead to a dangerous addiction or even obsession?
Such questions intensely arise while watching the movie, when, to the core, the viewer is supplied with an insight into characters.
"We have to love each other affectionately" answers Giovanna seemingly giving a cure to all crying conscience but may desirous love justify and cure everything?
"Isn't it what we both wanted" says one of the couple... it occurs that it's not.
Therefore, the content of the film appears to be very dangerous if not analyzed with intellect and heart.
Yet, it constantly remains thought provoking.Second, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that talks to modern viewers: brilliant moments and marvelous cinematography, which go in pair with memorable sequences and visual power.
These make a modern viewer realize that a film made almost 70 years ago is absolutely entertaining to watch.
They range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical shots.
Who can possibly skip that moment in Ferrara where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a sort of "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), a dancer Anita and buys her ice cream.
His desires show him totally different direction... Do viewers remain indifferent at Gino-Giovanna's first meeting?
The first focus of camera is on Giovanna's legs seemingly representing carnal desire over love that Gino experiences.
A marvel of shot is Gino and Giovanna leaving the investigation room and the closeup of their shadows that directs our attention towards their suspicious look.Third, OSSESSIONE can boast outstanding performances both from the leading pair as well as the supporting cast.
Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that working in this movie had been one of the most difficult jobs he had ever done; yet, consequently, what comes out is a flawless acting.
He portrays a bisexual man torn within desires who commits a crime but cannot stand any of the objects that remind him of his victim, which represents conscience.
His bisexuality is indicated through the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo) whom he meets in very surprising circumstances in the train for Ancona.
Clara Calamai, who was cast in the role after eminent Anna Magnani had refused, fits very well to the role and we may claim that there is a true chemistry between the couple.
They are both very convincing.
Besides, I liked Juan De Langa in the role of Bragana: he portrays an old husband not affectionate to his wife and still crazy about high art.
In some of his most witty moments, he asks his wife to wash his back or walks in the empty streets singing his favorite opera songs after sort of karaoke performance.In sum, we, as modern viewers who are capable of critical view, have to look at this film very objectively.
It is art for sure thanks to the aspects aforementioned, it is a powerful story as well thanks to the controversy it carries; yet, is it educational?
Visconti was not Fellini who said that he did not carry any message for humanity.
In such case, his films would only entertain (which is, of course, not entirely Fellini's style, too).
Visconti always had something to convey.
What did he want to say here?
Is the film against bad marriage?
Or is it against wrong actions of people absorbed by desire?
The final shocking moments say for themselves.
Though you don't have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is really a wonderfully realistic film, one of Visconti's best 8/10
Pet Semetary (1989) 9/10 The Creed family have just moved into the small town of Ludlow.
The family consists of a father, Louis, a mother, Rachel, a brother Gage, and a daughter, Ellen.
They are greeted with kindness by Jud Crandall.
Jud is 89, and could basically tell you about the entire history of Ludlow.Behind the Creed's new house, there is a path leading to a pet cemetery (spelled pet sematary).
When Ellen wants to go up to see it, Jud willfully takes the family on a trip.
That is the start of hell for the Creed family.When Rachel and the kids are gone, Ellen's cat Church dies.
Jud feels that Ellen isn't ready for the death of her cat, so he suggests Louis follow him further up the path, past the pet cemetery.Jud tells Louis of this burial ground, once used by Micmac Indians.
Louis buries Church, without Jud's help.
A couple of days later, Church returns, alive, but from hell.This movie was one of two horror movies that could actually scare me, aside from "The Exorcist."
The greatest performance would ever be Zelda, Rachel's sister with spinal meningitis, or Victor Pascow, a ghost who tries to help the Creeds from making the mistake of bringing back things from the dead.The music in this movie plays an extravagant part.
It is at the same time sad and mysterious.
It goes along with the movie wonderfully.9/10
Election marks the 2nd trial society theme movie directed by Johnnie To.To marvellously casted Simon Yan and Tony Leung Kar Fai as Lok and Big D, as the two trial members who were chosen as candidates for the position of chairman for Ho Sing society, a 100 year old trial society.While Lok is a man who keeps his cool at all times, Big D is not only impatient, but also thinks that he is on top of everything.
Lok was chosen as the next chairman for 2 years.
To have the total control of the gang, the newly elected chairman must be passed down with a Dragon Baton, which represents power and authority.
Big D was extremely unhappy with the results that he was not chosen to be the next chairman after paying a handsome figure of bribes to the council members.
He ordered his man to get the Baton before it falls onto the hands of Lok.While Big D is getting the Baton, Lok has other plans for him.This is one of the trial society theme movies where not much bloodshed is needed.
Johnnie To puts the greed of the human beings in the movie, where bloodshed is commonly used in other trial society theme movies to show how the greed of human beings can caused the death or the downfall of one.
However, no single bullet is used, hardly any gangfights are involved in Election.
It's the battle of the wits that makes Election stands out of the rest.Apart from Maggie Shiu, the only actress in Election with less than 5 lines to talk in the whole movie, masculinity rules the whole movie.
Louis Koo and Nick Cheung, who was seen in To's previous film, are casted as an undercover cop and a gangster who sold his life to the gang respectively.
Together with some of the veteran actors making their appearance in the film and the excellent script, it makes the only HK movie to represent Cannes Fil Festival 2005.Election has hardly failed any critics who wants an different trial society theme movie.
The Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray murder in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway play called Machinal.
More famously, it inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels which anyone who has actually reached the point where they are reading this review would be familiar with - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice.
Both became film noir classics of the 1940's, Double Indemnity being arguably the most perfect noir ever made.
Some of the real-life elements of the Snyder-Gray story were captured by Cain - the old age and indifference of Albert Gray, Ruth's high sex drive, Ruth and Judd's passionate affair and complicity in the murder and that famous double indemnity insurance clause.
Missing elements included the fact that the actual setting was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder being a respected newspaper editor.
The numerous incompetent and failed attempts were also ignored in order to cut to the chase.Cain's Double Indemnity was filmed perfectly by Billy Wilder - let's ignore Stanwyck's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting accidents of film lore!
The Postman Always Rings Twice, however, was filmed thrice and Ossessione, an Italian version and Luchino Visconti's first film, was the first of three versions.
Before commenting on it, I'll recommend the Lana Turner - John Garfield version of 1946 in its entirety and five minutes of the 1981 Jack Nicholson - Jessica Lange version for the great sex scene on the dining table.Ossessione is not as noirish as The Postman Always Rings Twice.
It has a strong neo-realist look which makes it a great movie, but a lot of the essential noir elements are missing.
It does not have low-key lighting and unconventional camera angles.
The dialog is not hard-boiled and instead the film concentrates more on characterization.
This is the longest version of the story and goes deeply into characterization.
Its also a lot more sexual than the Lana Turner version.
We have a very obvious adulterous relationship and Giovanna is very obviously a nymphomaniac.
A new character is introduced into the story - La Spagnola - with very obvious homosexual overtones.
There is also a small, but very well-played role for a dancer who moonlights as a prostitute.This is a far greater study of the working class than of crime.
The audience really gets the feeling of poverty and grime.
The drifter is a complete tramp, the wife is no Lana Turner and may even have been a prostitute before marriage.
Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant.
I think the casting was brilliant for this film.
My only beef is with the overlong running time.
Everything is drawn out too long and it would have been more effective if it had been more economical.
Nevertheless, fans of noir and realism will definitely like Ossessione, as I did.
This was a must see documentary for me when I missed the opportunity in 2004, so I was definitely going to watch the repeat.
I really sympathised with the main character of the film, because, this is true, I have a milder condition of the skin problem he had, Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa (EB).
This is a sad, sometimes amusing and very emotional documentary about a boy with a terrible skin disorder.
Jonny Kennedy speaks like a kid (because of wasting vocal muscle) and never went through puberty, but he is 36 years old.
Most sympathising moments are seeing his terrible condition, and pealing off his bandages.
Jonny had quite a naughty sense of humour, he even narrated from beyond the grave when showing his body in a coffin.
He tells his story with the help of his mother, Edna Kennedy, his older brother and celebrity model, and Jonny's supporter, Nell McAndrew.
It won the BAFTAs for Best Editing and Best New Director (Factual), and it was nominated for Best Sound (Factual) and the Flaherty Documentary Award.
It was number 10 on The 100 Greatest TV Treats 2004.
A must see documentary!
To get in touch with the beauty of this film pay close attention to the sound track, not only the music, but the way all sounds help to weave the imagery.
How beautifully the opening scene leading to the expulsion of Gino establishes the theme of moral ambiguity!
Note the way music introduces the characters as we are led inside Giovanna's marriage.
Don't expect to find much here of the political life of Italy in 1943.
That's not what this is about.
On the other hand, if you are susceptible to the music of images and sounds, you will be led into a word that reaches beyond neo-realism.
By the end of the film we there are moments Antonioni-like landscape that has more to do with the inner life of the characters than with real places.
This is one of my favorite Visconti films.
Take a pinch of GOODFELLAS, mix it with THE GODFATHER, add some Roman mythology and plenty of lowbrow comedy, and you have THE SOPRANOS, about a mob clan operating out of northern New Jersey.
It's almost as entertaining as pro wrestling.
I am not the biggest fan of this show, but I do admire James Gandolfini's very complicated Tony Soprano, a psychopath with an occasional glimmer of conscience.
I also have come to admire te contributions of folks like gravel-voiced Dom Chianese as the bewildered but murderous Uncle Junior, silver-haired Tony Sirico as the perpetually perplexed Paulie and the very beautiful Edie Falco as the duplicitous, tough-as-nails Carmela Soprano.
The violence is sudden and graphic, the body count steadily climbs each season, but it is often the small moments that matter most here.
Watch Paulie and Tony's nephew Christopher (Michael Imperioli late of LAW & ORDER) as they get lost in the Pine Barrens and sit out a bitter cold night in an abandoned trruck, both convinced they've had it.
This show is so incredibly hilarious that I couldn't stop watching the marathon on Comedy Central tonight (despite the fact that I've seen all the episodes previously).
I've always regarded Silverman as a huge talent and this is finally a vehicle for that talent to be enjoyed by a wide audience.
I watch this show and I laugh a very large percentage of the time...
I can't say that about many TV shows... can you?
This show is finally something new and interesting and (most importantly) funny!
This is a show I will never miss and it is one I will buy on DVD as soon as it comes out.
You owe it to yourself to watch this show...
I predict a long run for this series... And just to be clear, the people who are offended by this show just don't get it... perhaps they lack the intelligence to comprehend it... they should stop making fools of themselves by attacking something they don't understand.
Anyone who uses the word "bigot" in reference to Silverman, or who claims that she only aims to "shock"... is way off the mark... She's exactly the opposite; just Google her and you'll quickly see that she's a huge proponent of civil rights, etc.
If you don't know that she's ironically embracing all of these outrageous viewpoints, you don't get it.
And if you don't get it, do the rest of us a favor and be quiet about it so we can all enjoy the hilarity...
Sarah Silverman is like a totally manic Zooey Deschanel and I think I'm in love already.
Yeah, if you loved Jesus is Magic, you'll love this.
If you didn't, what the heck is wrong with you?
Kudos to the Comedy Channel for shoving this in my face.
My life finally has meaning, and "Your car smells like farts" is my kind of humor.
I'm a happy guy.
The first episode had me laughing hysterically and I'm hungrily looking forward to next week.
This is like Grease meets South Park.
Completely outrageous.
Sarah Silverman is someone I could watch reading the phone book.
Her delivery is precise and oh so funny.
She never skips a beat.
Come to think of it, it's not so much her choice of material.
which is some really good stuff by the way, as it is the way she chooses to deliver it.
Thank you, Sarah Silverman!
Thank you, Comedy Channel!
Watching "Ossessione" today -- more than 6 decades later -- is still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in movie history and more specifically on how Italian filmmakers changed movies forever (roughly from "Ossessione" and De Sica's "I Bambini Ci Guardano", both 1943, up to 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini).
Visconti makes an amazing directing début, taking the (uncredited) plot of "The Postman Always Rings Twice" as a guide to the development of his own themes.It strikes us even today how ahead of its time "Ossessione" was.
Shot in Fascist Italy during World War II (think about it!!
), it depicted scenes and themes that caused the film to be immediately banned from theaters -- and the fact that it used the plot of a famous American novel and payed no copyright didn't help.
"Ossessione" alarmingly reveals poverty-ridden war-time Italy (far from the idealized Italy depicted in Fascist "Telefoni Bianchi" movies); but it's also extremely daring in its sexual frankness, with shirtless hunk Gino (Massimo Girotti, who definitely precedes Brando's Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire") taking Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, to bed just 5 minutes after they first meet.
We watch Calamai's unglamorous, matter-of-fact undressing and the subtle but undeniable homosexual hints between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very appealing actor, his face not unlike Pierre Clémenti's, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945, at 28 years old!
)...In a few words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as relentlessly as it had rarely, if ever, been shown before in Italian cinema.All the copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed soon after its opening -- it was called scandalous and immoral.
Visconti managed to save a print, and when the film was re-released after the war, most critics called it the front-runner of the Neo-Realist movement, preceding Rossellini's "Roma CIttà Aperta" and De Sica's "Sciuscià".
Some other critics, perhaps more appropriately, saw "Ossessione" as the Italian counterpart to the "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember Visconti had been Renoir's assistant), especially Marcel Carné's "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour se Lève", and Julien Duvivier's "Pépé le Moko".
While "Ossessione" may be Neo-Realistic in its visual language (the depiction of war-time paesan life in Italy with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, bums, swindlers etc), the characters and the themes were already decidedly Viscontian.
He was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters, in social/political/sexual apartheid, in the decadence of the elites than in realistic, "everyday- life" characters and themes, favored by DeSica and Rossellini.
In "Ossessione" we already find elements of drama and tragedy later developed in many of his films, especially "Senso" (Visconti's definitive departure from Neo-Realist aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli"...Even in his most "Neo-Realist" film, "La Terra Trema", he makes his fishermen rise from day-to-day characters to mythological figures.
"Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory about great artists whose body of work approaches, analyzes and develops specific themes and concerns over and over again, from their first to their last opus, no matter if the scenery, background or time-setting may change -- Visconti may play with the frame but the themes and essence of his art are, well, obsessively recurrent.
"Ossessione" is not to be missed: you'll surely be fascinated by this ground-breaking, powerful film.
One of the best love stories I have ever seen.
It is a bit like watching a train wreck in slow motion, but lovely nonetheless... Big Edie and Little Edie seem a bit like family members after watching this movie repeatedly, and are infinitely quotable: "It's a goddamned beautiful day, now will you just shut up?"
The opening explanation of Little Edie's costume only promises that the movie will live on forever, and so will Big Edie "The World Famous Singer" and Little Edie " The World Famous Dancer."
Anyone who has experienced the terrors of divorce will empathize with this indie film's protagonist, a scared little boy who believes a zombie is hiding in his closet.
Is Jake (a mesmerizing Anthony DeMarco) simply "transferring" the trauma of two bickering parents to an understandable image?
Or could the creature be real?
Writer/director Shelli Ryan neatly balances both possibilities and keeps the audience guessing.
Her choice of using one setting - a suburban house - adds to the feeling of desperation and claustrophobia.Brooke Bloom and Peter Sean Bridgers are highly convincing as the angry, but loving parents.
However it is the creepy minor characters, Mrs. Bender(Barbara Gruen), an unhinged babysitter and Sam Stone (Ben Bode), a sleazy Real estate agent that linger in the mind.
Jake's Closet is a darkly inspired portrait of childhood as a special kind of Hell.
Well, What can I say, other than these people are Super in every way.
I quite like Sharon Mcreedy, I enjoy this pure Nostalgic Series And I have the boxed set of 9 discs 30 episodes, I did not realise that they had made so many, I also think that it is a great shame, that they have not made any more.
I wish that I got given these powers, Imagine me, being knocked off my cycle, somewhere and being knocked out cold, then waking up in a special hospital.
Later on, I discover that my body has been enhanced.
Just like Richard Barrat.
These stories are 50 Minutes of pure action and suspense all the way, You cannot fight these 3 people, as they would defeat you in all forms of weaponry.
The music is well written, and to me, puts a wonderful picture of 3 super beings in my mind, The sort of powers that the champions have are the same as our domestic dog or cats, Improved sight, Improved hearing and touch.
and the strength of 10 men for Richard and Craig and the strength of 3 women for Sharon.
Who I thought was beautiful and intelligent.
When I was a boy, I had a huge crush on her!!!!
Now I can see why, on my DVD set.
The box is very nice and it comes with a free booklet all about the series.
I also thought that Trymane was a good boss, firm but he got things done!
This comedy with much underlying pain and sadness succeeds where most others fail.
There have been many films of this genre with more notable actors attempting to achieve this elusive mixture which haven't come anywhere near the depth and deftness of this one.
This is surely because the exceptional cast with outstanding performances by Reg Rogers and Ally Sheedy seem so spontaneous that the reality of their characters rapidly grip your interest and emotions and hold them throughout the film.
At first, the action seems rather off-the-wall and harebrained but one gradually learns that these two rather pathetic damaged people are desperately and unwillingly trying to heal themselves, even if grudgingly, through each other.
Rogers' heartrending facial expressions of numb hurt and Sheedy's angry outbursts are so eloquent that one feels them as one observes them.
You will care about these two likable but deeply suffering people and hope that they will succeed because it's in doubt and all hangs on a tenuous emotional thread.
Hopefully audiences will get to see more of Reg Rogers and Ally Sheedy as this film proves their merit as very accomplished actors beyond doubt.
This second film is just as interesting as the previous one except that there is no suspense.
We know what he is going to do and what is going to happen before it is even hinted at on the screen.
Then the pleasure comes only from the way the various tricks happen and the succession of them.
We know there will be dynamite in the car, that he will lose a wheel, that the car will have a crash, just to speak of the car.
And that is what happens.
Now the details and the particulars are for you to discover them in the film.
That he may be baited by some dumb woman is obvious and has to come but we know that he has already seen through her and that he knows he is being dragged into a trap.
Now, how is he going to get out of it?
That's what you must discover by yourself.
And don't worry he will get the main trafficker but how is another story.
A speed boat is no match to our busy beaver on the river.
We also know when he is going to be wounded.
They did not know what bullet-proof jackets were in those days.
It's true recently it was discovered that some GIs did not have that kind of equipment in Iraq.
But what is the meaning of such a film?
This insistence on hunting the traffickers and this blindness that does not see that it is the prohibition that creates the problem.
But the film is a constant and perfect illustration that there is no value what so ever that can stand in the way of this moralistic crusade against the forces of evil.
Why not simply legalize these goods so that they can be properly observed and under surveillance?
When something is not illegal or pushed out of the way it is all the less fun to use them, to do them.
It is the forbidden or the restricted that is attractive.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
William Wyler was to have directed this adaptation of Moss Hart's hit Broadway play with music/ recruiting poster-vivant, but his own military commitments intervened and it went to a most unlikely helmsman: George Cukor.
The "women's director" has a sure touch on the many documentary-like sequences of Air Corps training, and he invests it with more unhackneyed humanity than the genre generally allowed, particularly in wartime.
Sure, the gee-whiz (and entirely white, save for one unbilled Chinese-American recruit) bunch of newbies are nicer and more wholesome than in real life, and the speechifying about home and Mom and the wife and kid gets pretty thick, but it's efficient propaganda and undeniably stirring.
Notable, too, for the all-military male cast, several of whom didn't reemerge for years: Lon McAllister, Edmond O'Brien, Martin Ritt, Red Buttons (in drag, as an Andrews Sister), Peter Lind Hayes, Karl Malden, Kevin McCarthy, Gary Merrill, Lee J. Cobb, and Don Taylor.
Also for a very early glimpse of Judy Holliday, who doesn't show up till an hour and a half into the picture but has some good little sequences as O'Brien's worried-sick Brooklyn spouse.
Too bad its rights are in a tangle and the only print anyone knows of is 16mm; evidently, after Twentieth Century Fox released it (to considerable success), the rights reverted to the Army, and if there's a good 35mm print out there, it probably lies somewhere in the bowels of the Pentagon.
It's disingenuous and corny in spots, but it also captures the rigors of military training and the terrors of war vividly, and it deserves to be more widely seen.
After the unexpected accident that killed an inexperienced climber (Michelle Joyner).
Eight months has passed...
The Rocky Mountain Rescue receive a distress call set by a brilliant terrorist mastermind Eric Quaien (John Lithgow).
Quaien has lost three large cases that has millions of dollars inside.
Two experienced climbers Walker (Sylvester Stallone) and Tucker (Micheal Rooker) and a helicopter pilot (Janine Turner) are to the rescue but they are set by a trap by Quaien and his men.
Now the two climbers and pilot are forced to play a deadly game of hide and seek.
While Quaien is trying to find the millions of dollars and he kidnapped Tucker to find the money.
Once Tucker finds the money, Tucker will be dead.
Against explosive firepower, bitter cold and dizzying heights.
Walker must outwit Quaien for survival.Directed by Renny Harlin (Driven, Mindhunters, A Nightmare on Elm Street 4:The Dream Master) made an entertaining non-stop action picture.
This film is a spectacular, exciting, visually exciting action picture with plenty of dark humour as well.
This was one of the biggest hits of 1993.
This is one of Harlin's best film.
Lithgow is a terrific entertaining villain.
Stallone certainly made an short comeback of this sharp thriller.
This is probably Harlin's best work as a filmmaker.DVD has an sharp anamorphic Widescreen (2.35:1) transfer and an terrific-Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound.
DVD has an running commentary track by the director with comments by Stallone.
DVD also has technical crew commentary as well.
DVD has behind the scenes featurette, two deleted scenes with introduction by the director and more.
Do not miss this great action film.
Screenplay by Micheal France (Fantastic Four) and actor:Stallone (The Rocky Series).
Based on a premise by John Long.
Excellent Cinematography by Alex Thomson, B.S.C.
(Alien³, Demolition Man, Legend).
Oscar Nominated for Best Sound, Best Sound Editing and Best Visual Effects.
Panavision.
(****/*****).
Fate/Stay Night is an animated series inspired by a h-game.
Somehow the producers turned it around making this a successful series without any of the h-stuff.
It couldn't have been any other way because the development of the characters is great just the way it's pictured in this series and any alteration of that could only ruin perfection.
(You'll understand once you see all the episodes).Despite a relatively slow start (the producer took his time on presenting the characters) things gain momentum quickly and soon after mid-series the action gets so intense that glues you to your seat.The topic of the series concentrates on the War of Holy Grail that has been taking place in the Fukuky City for the last 50 years.
The pilot actually starts with the conclusion of the previous war and develops from there on.
Shiro is the only survivor of the fire that started during the last battle and enveloped a large portion of the city.He unwillingly witnesses a fight between two Servants that triggers his Reiju (Holy mark) to summon one of the most powerful Servants of the battlefield, Saber.
His first contact with Saber left him stunned "Such immeasurable beauty ...I was at a lost for words".
You mustn't compare this series with any other to fully understand it's plot.
FSN offers much more than some cool sword fights, good animation, spectacular lights, great soundtrack, it offers excellent character and relationship development.
It presents the changes that take place within the characters personalities as the events precipitate.
The action reveals believable dynamic emotional and behavioral patterns of the individuals (not similar to the linear type other series use) that are constantly shaping their personalities to reveal, from under the mask of perfection, flawed characters.The Saber character is tied to a medieval legend that has been altered to fit this series and should be accepted as such.
You shouldn't watch FSN thinking that it doesn't present the viewer with the historic fact, just remember that this is adventure/fantasy series and not a documentary and enjoy this as long as you can.
The ending is sudden and unexpected and if there were twice as many episodes I would have watched them in the same breath.
Breaking Glass is a film that everyone aspiring to be in the music industry should see more than once.
It is a very dark tale about the way a record company manipulates a singer to do things their way and to make as much money out of her as possible.
Looking at some of today's 'search for a star' style TV shows on both in the UK and abroad I am always reminded of this film.
Though not an expert on the subject, the winners of these shows tend to have one very big initial hit and then its downhill from there.
This film predates these shows though the effect seems the same.
After getting rid of her manager, played quite brilliantly by Phil Daniels, slowly but surely the record company changes her lyrics puts her on stimulants and she is eventually totally burnt out.
You potential stars of tomorrow.... WATCH THIS AND BEWARE !!
!
There were a lot of films made by Hollywood during the war years that were designed to drum up support for our troops from the public.
Seen today, some might dismiss them or just see them as propaganda--which they technically are, but of a positive sort and meant to unify the nation.
This film is a pretty effective and entertaining example of the genre--having a pretty realistic script and good production values.
Pat O'Brien plays pretty much the same character he played in MANY other films (you know, the tough-talking, hard-driven but "swell guy").
Randolph Scott is, as always, competent and entertaining and the rest of the extras are excellent (look for a young Robert Ryan as one of the bombardiers in training).
While the story is reminiscent of several other movies about our pilots and crews, the film is well-crafted enough to make it interesting and not too far-fetched.
That it, perhaps, except for the very end--where the film is a bit over-the-top but also VERY satisfying.
About the only serious negative, and this is mostly for nitpickers, is that some of the stock footage is somewhat sloppily integrated in the film and "nuts" like me who are both history teachers and airplane lovers will probably notice this--all others probably won't notice.
Five Deadly Venoms is not as bloody and violent as Story Of Ricky or Super Ninjas, but it features some of the best hand-to-hand fight sequences in Hong Kong film history.
Director Chang Cheh creates what is considered by many to be his masterpiece.
This movie launched the careers of the five men who play the venoms.
Meng Lo plays yet another bad ass.
He would go on to be in Super Ninjas.
Kuo Chui who is Philip Kwok would go on to Story Of Ricky and Hard Boiled.
Any chop socky fan can apperciate this.
But I still think it ain't as good as Super Ninjas (also made by Chang Cheh).
But all chop socky is good and this is one of the very best.
Now i have read some negative reviews for this show on this website and quite frankly I'm appalled.
For anyone to even think that the Sopranos is not Television then i'm afraid i don't know what the world has come to.
Let me tell u something.
I started watching many T.V shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion.
But all of those shows lost their touch after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break which i refuse to watch because the companies took 2 genius ideas and butchered them by making more than one season.
Then we have The Sopranos.
I can honestly say that this is the only television series that i have ever watched where i have been enthralled in all of its season, and more importantly all of its episodes.
There is no department that this show doesn't excel in.
Acting- Nothing short of superb.
James Gandolfini is one of my favourite actors and i feel that his acting is absolutely stunning in every episode, after i heard that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony i felt that it would've been the better choice, however after watching the first few episodes, i knew that HBO had done a great job in casting James as Tony.
The raw emotion he displays is superb.
Then we have everyone else, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom i remembered as Johnny Ola in the Godfather Part 2) and my personal two favourite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante.
All of these actors perform to the best quality, and all giving an excellent performance in each episode.
Then we have the story, never have i been so sucked into a T.V show before.
The story is nothing short of excellent.
Each episode is directed superbly and the Score of this show is just fantastic.
I feel that The Sopranos is one show that i can watch again and again and never get bored of.
Its got everything from hilarious humour to brutal violence, but nonetheless it is and will always be the best thing to ever grace the Television, and I challenge anyone to find a real flaw in the show.
Not just say its too violent, or they feel that the character of Tony is immoral, i mean it is a mafia show at the end of the day, i don't think that the characters are going to be very honest or loyal to God.
I implore everyone to watch this show because believe me, you'll be hooked from the very first episode, i was and i have even gotten a few friends who had firstly refused to watch the show, hooked on it.
Trust me when i say that this show is a Godsend compared to the crap that comes on T.V.
After you've watched the first season, you'll inevitably agree with me when i once again say that this show dominates Television, and no T.V show current or future will ever upstage the marvel that is The Sopranos.
I'm far from a Sylvester Stallone fan and I guess the only time I really appreciated his appearance was in the French movie Taxi 3, which is an almost inexistent small role.
And yet I must admit that this movie was actually not that bad, even though I feared the worst.When Gabe (Stallone) fails to rescue the girlfriend of one of his friends and she plunges to her death from a 4000 feet high mountain top, he can't possibly force himself to keep working as a mountain ranger.
For almost a year he doesn't set a food in the reserve, but than he returns.
Soon after he's back, they get an emergency call from a group of hikers who got trapped in a snow storm.
At least, that's what the rangers believe.
In reality it is a group of robbers who crashed with their airplane in the mountains after their daring plan to steal cases full of money from a flying government plane failed.
The cases are spread all over the reserve and they need the help of professional climbers to retrieve them...This is of course not one of the most intelligent movies ever, but in its genre it's an enjoyable one.
I especially enjoyed John Lithgow as the evil master mind and leader of the gang of robbers.
I know him best from the TV-series "3rd Rock from the Sun", but I enjoyed his performance in this movie as well.
Overall the acting is OK, it had a lot of action to offer and of course also some one-liners, but it also offered a very nice decor.
This movie was filmed in a magnificent natural environment.
I loved the snowy mountains and valleys, the mountain rivers and the forests... Perhaps that's why I give this movie a score higher than what I normally give to an action / adventure movie of this kind.
I give it a 6.5/10.
If you don't expect too much, this is an enjoyable movie.
What's not to like about this movie?
Every year you know that you're going to get one or two yule tide movies during Christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible.
This movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well.
A very funny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real Christmas for him.
What is the good of having money like that if you can't do fun things with it.
It was a win-win situation.
A regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience Christmas like he imagined.
Only if.Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a riot to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands.
It was a fun and funny movie.
This anime is a must-see for fans of Evangelion.
It's an earlier work of Anno Hideaki, but his unrestrained, dramatic style is quite in place.
Also, those who didn't like Evangelion might find this release to bit slightly more palatable.
Gunbuster is rather unique to sci-fi anime in that it's actually based on real science.
In fact, the show has several little "Science Lesson" interludes explaining the physics behind some of the events in the movie.
One of the big dramatic points in the film is the relative passage of time at speeds near that of light.
The series does a wonderful job of dealing with the imaginably traumatic experience of leaving earth on a six month mission traveling near the speed of light and returning to an Earth where ten years have passed.
The main character remains age 17 or 18 throughout the entire series while almost all of the other characters age considerably.
Be warned, this show is heavy on the sap at times.
It also has a couple of the most wholly unmerited breast shots that I have ever seen.
I found it fairly easy to ignore the skimpy uniforms and boo-hoo scenes, because the series is otherwise very good, but viewers with a low sap tolerance might want to stay away from this one.
On an interesting note, Gainax, as always, managed to run out of money in the last couple of episodes.
However, they managed to use black and white film and still action sketches to produce a good resolution anyway.
The ending is a bit silly, but it left me with such a good feeling in my gut I couldn't help but love it.
Gunbuster is, in my opinion, one of the finest pieces of Anime around.
I was hooked from beginning to end.
Great horror comes from disturbing imagery and organic shocks that are created not to make you jump, but to make you go "What the f*ck did I just see?"
All the other commentators gave short summaries of what the film is about, so I won't rehash what has already been said.
I was telling other people about this movie days after I had seen it just because it still haunted me.
I even had a bad dream after seeing it, and I am a true horror fan, not easily spooked by tripe like "The Grudge" or even "Silent Hill".
What gave me the bad dreams was the unease I felt about what I would do if I were in that cell with those guys.
What would my personal horror be?
my subconscious took me there, and it was not pleasant.
That my friends is what a good horror flick does to you!
The best part of this movie is that it is subtle.
It's not about Bogeymen that jump out at you,alien invasions, or tons of gore.
It's the opposite.
The horror you create in your own mind.
The irony for the four characters is that the horror comes not from an external force that asserts it's power over them.
Simply, the men ask for the one thing they desire, and they get it...but not in the way they imagined.
So on the one hand, they get what they wish for from an occult book, but may ultimately wish they hadn't.
Sometimes being locked in a jail cell is the best place to be!
108: Tarzan and His Mate (1934) - released 4/20/1934, viewed 8/6/08.John Dillinger escapes from prison and robs a bank in Iowa.
Bonnie & Clyde kill two highway patrolman in Texas.
BIRTHS: Ralph Nader, Gloria Steinem, Alan Arkin, Richard Chamberlain.DOUG: After we were rather disappointed with the original 'Tarzan the Ape Man,' we discovered among fellow users and historians that the second film, 'Tarzan and his Mate,' was the best in the series.
It's true.
I got a huge kick out of this movie.
Johnny Weismuller returns as the titular vine-swinging, animal dueling wild super-hero, and Maureen O'Sullivan reprises her role as his entirely fantastic lady love Jane (who sports a two-piece outfit for the first and last time here).
In my review for 'Ape Man,' I stomped on Jane pretty good for her obsession with clothes and her incessant screaming, but she's redeemed herself for me here.
Make no mistake: O'Sullivan is the star of this movie, and Jane is the most capable character in the entire cast.
She acts as the ambassador between Holt and Tarzan, she can function perfectly in the jungle and get along with the animals, and she knows how to hold off an angry pride of lions when she's out of bullets.
She's even got her own jungle scream now.
The chemistry between Johnny and Maureen is irresistible.
She's totally got him trained.
Cheeta is quite charming as well, taking drags off of Martin's cigarette.
The plot is mostly an excuse for Tarzan to do battle with the jungle's most vicious animals, especially lions, crocodiles, and rhinos.
The effects, though always visible, are much more dynamic and cool and complement the action nicely.
Oh, and you can't talk about this movie without talking about the nude swimming scene.
All I can say is: yes, she is naked.
Very exciting stuff.KEVIN: Wow.
Just wow.
When it comes to down-and-dirty pre-code action/adventure, nothing holds a candle to 'Tarzan and His Mate.'
The inevitable sequel to Tarzan the Ape Man is a kick-ass, violent and risqué jungle epic.
I doubt there will be another Tarzan movie in the future that takes no prisoners the way this one does.
You'd be hard pressed to find a full scene in this movie that would be Code-approved, or Animal Rights-approved for that matter.
The gruesome violence doesn't even wait for the happy jungle couple to show up before it pushes even the limits of today's adventure movies.
And after T&J enter the picture, there's plenty of early morning cuddling and ass-naked afternoon swims.
See it for yourself if you don't believe me.
I love Maureen O'Sullivan most of all in this film.
In the first film, Jane seemed like a walking contradiction, like the writers back then just didn't know how to portray a character like that.
But here she is a great precursor to kick-butt females of later cinema.
Although she still requires Tarzan's assistance in getting her out of most jams, she does a lot more than just waiting around to be rescued.
Her personality is perfectly believable for a woman who has been living (relatively) comfortably in the jungle for a year.
I watched this with my Mom, and I enjoyed pointing out to her just how much Jane has Tarzan "trained," as Jeff Foxworthy put it.
She totally has the ape man at her every beck and call.
Although there is a host of dated optical effects throughout the film, there is still plenty of hair-raising Tarzan vs. predator battles that are performed (mostly) for real.
That and the men-dressed-as-apes are a lot more convincing this time around.
**SPOILER** The film climaxes as the jungle erupts with a shocking orgy of animal kingdom violence that leaves Tarzan and Jane the only two humans still breathing.
Although the couple rides off into the sunset reunited and victorious, I can't help but imagine how this story will seem to the next safari who will hear about the previous bunch of humans who went to find Tarzan and Jane and were never heard from again.
**END SPOILER** One of things that still bothers me is Johnny Weissmuller's smooth, hairless bod and over-styled coif.
Other than that, this is pre-Code action-adventure that is absolutely not to be missed.Last film: It Happened One Night (1934).
Next film: Twentieth Century (1934).
'One-Round' Jack Sander is called that because he's a carnival boxer who fights any man in the audience.
If they can last one round, they win a prize--a popular way to draw customers into traveling shows long ago.
Jack is in love with the ticket girl, Mabel, though her head is quickly turned when Bob Corby enters the ring to try his chances with Jack.
What no one at the fight knows is that Bob is the champ, so he's able to beat Jack--though it takes him some work.
As a result, Bob asks Jack to become his sparring partner and give up the carnival circuit.
Later, Jack improves so much that he, too, becomes a legitimate boxer.
Slowly, he works his way up the rankings until he's nearly ready to take on the Champ.In the meantime, the Champ and Mabel start running around behind Jack's back--even though by now Mabel has married Jack.
So, when the final fight occurs between Jack and Bob, it's very personal and Jack is ready to kill him.
Is he good enough?
Will rise justifiable rage against Bob help or hinder his performance?
Tune in and see.This film was directed by Alfred Hitchcock and while today this sort of film seems strange for a director known for mystery-suspense films, back in the 1920s, Hitchcock had no fixed genre which he directed or wrote (he did both for this film).
In fact, in many ways this film is more indicative of Hitchcock's silent style, as a somewhat similar plot came up in one of his next silents, THE MANXMAN (also starring Carl Brisson as the wronged husband).
So, while this seems a lot like a standard boxing film of the day, it was not a radical departure for this great director--even with its rather formulaic ending.Overall, while a bit predictable and having Ian Hunter playing a boxing champ seems silly, the film works well.
While far from a perfect silent, it's well worth seeing and packs a nice punch.
Trudy Lintz (Rene Russo) was one very fortunate lady many years ago.
She was the wife of a wealthy doctor and had lots of extracurricular money.
Her passion was animals and she devoted herself to providing a sanctuary for the furry ones on her property grounds.
Trudy also raised two chimps in her home to be more like children.
They dressed in clothes and had many amenities.
One day, she learns of an abandoned baby gorilla.
Knowing nothing about the large apes, she relies on her husband's medical abilities and expert advice to save the gorilla's life.
Once out of danger, Trudy decides she will raise the gorilla, also, as one of her children.
This works well for years and Buddy, the gorilla, is truly a remarkably intelligent addition to her home.
But, Buddy is also a gorilla and his strength and curiosity become quite enormous.
Will Trudy be able to keep Buddy under control?
For those who love animals, Buddy is a must-see movie.
Based on a true story, Trudy and her ape develop a relationship that is unique in the annals of animal history and lore.
Of course, Buddy is not a real gorilla but a mechanical one, in the film, but he is very close to seeming totally real.
Russo gives a nice performance as a lady ahead of her time and the supporting players are also quite nice.
The costumes are exemplary, as befitting the earlier era of the story, and the settings and production values outstanding.
But, most importantly, animals are here in abundance, not only Buddy, but the adorable chimps, the ducks, the rabbits, and so forth.
For those who want to watch a film and be transported to animal heaven, here on earth, this is a great movie choice.
All animal lovers, and even those who just want to watch a great family film, will go "ape" over Buddy.
THE SOPRANOS (1999-2007)Number 1 - Television Show of all Time Everyone thought this would be a stupid thing that wouldn't go past a pilot episode.
The Sopranos has become a cultural phenomenon and universally agreed as one of the greatest television shows of all time.
James Gandolfini plays the enigmatic New Jersey crime boss, Tony Soprano, accompanied by a stellar cast.
Edie Falco is superb as the worrying, loving upper-middle class mother; Tony Sirico is tremendous as a superstitious, greying consiglieri who is often very funny.
While the show has often been criticised for the negative stereotype of Italian-Americans as mafiosi, and to an extent this is undeniable, I can see so many positives from the show.
The portrayal of strong family values, friendships, love and compassion; could this be present in a coarse television show about gangsters?
Yes.
Furthermore, other burning issues are discussed such as terrorism, social inequality and injustice, homosexuality, drugs etc.
This is no shallow, dull show about tough guys and violence.
It has so much more.
Many of the issues we see on the show are very real.
The writing which has been pretty much great has infused so successfully current issues and managed to imbred them within the characters' lives, which makes the whole thing more interesting.Credit must go to David Chase who has created an excellent television treasure and to James Gandolfini, for envisioning, television's most complex and enigmatic character.
Simply exceptional.10/10
When I first heard about this series on AnimeTV,I have to say that out of all the shows that I have seen,this one tops it all off.
I had to see this show,and that is what I really did.
When I got the first volume of this show,it was the best.
I really liked the animation,and all the fight scenes were awesome.
I have to say that my favorite characters in the show were Saber,and Archer and of course I also like Illya.
And of course,all the episodes on the volumes were interesting,and very cool.
Another thing I have to say about the series is Michael McConnohie(famous for Transformers,and others) playing the voice of Berserker.
He does have a cool character.
And I even watched the entire series all over again before watching the final volume.
So if you to see something good,then see this show,it's the best.
Of all the kung-fu films made through the 70's and 80's this is one that has developed a real cult following.
With the exception of all the films Bruce Lee starred in this is a film that has stood the test of time and its due to the unique story.
An aging kung-fu master tells his last pupil Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five pupils he has trained in the past.
All five wore masks and nobody has seen the face of each other and they have all been trained differently.
Their specialty in kung-fu is the name they have adopted like Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion.
The master called them the Poison Clan and he does not know what has happened to them so he wants Tieh to find them and help the ones that are doing good to stop the others that are evil.
An old man who was once a member of the Poison Clan has a map to where he has hidden a lot of money and he seems to be a target.
Tieh does not know what they look like so he has to mingle in society and try and figure out who they are.
Tieh has discovered that the Snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and along with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu) who is the Centipede they kill a family to find the map.
A map is found by a mystery man who turns out to be the Scorpion but know one knows who he is.
A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murders along with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun).
Sin has a friend called Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is the Toad and they do know of each others identity.
The Snake bribes the local officials to pin the murders on Li Ho and while he is in prison he is tortured and killed.
When Sin finds out he teams up with Tieh and together they go to combat Tung and Kue.
This film was directed by Cheh Chang and he was a very special director when it came to these films.
Chang was not your run of the mill kung-fu director and his films always had a special quality to them.
While most martial arts films deal with revenge Chang did not use that as a central theme.
Even though there is some revenge going on later in this story this film is more complex than that.
Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks.
Then they are all in the same area and not knowing who the other is.
Very unique story makes this film different from all the others and most of Changs stories were in a class all by themselves.
I wouldn't exactly put it in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a worldwide icon and the martial arts he exhibited were more authentic looking.
This film still has some impossible feats like clinging to sides of walls and all the flipping through the air but this film isn't necessarily about fight scenes.
Its more about the intrigue of the story and the characters that are involved.
That alone makes this different from all the other kung-fu films.
Very well made with a unique story.
This is probably the best documentary I have seen in a very long time.
Jonny Kennedy was and is still is a tragically beautiful inspiration.
Not only was he a survivor of one of the most painful diseases out there, but he used his beauty to show the world that there is life after death and never to give up reaching people and spreading his love.
Watching minutes of his life long struggle was heart-wrenching.
Listening to his smart ass remarks and seeing his adorable gestures was heartwarming.
And seeing him smile was indescribable.
I feel blessed to have been able to be touched by this tiny giant.
Please, if you ever have a chance to watch this film - consider yourself lucky to have met Jonny Kennedy.
Hidden Frontier is notable for being the longest running internet-based Star Trek fan series.
While the production quality is not on a par with fan productions like Starship Exeter, or New Voyages, Hidden Frontier concentrates largely on story, and in that regard it does very well indeed.Hidden Frontier has no physical sets; instead actors are filmed against a greenscreen, and the backgrounds inserted digitally.
One of Hidden Frontier's greatest achievements is the sheer volume of work they have produced.
One of the ways in which this is achieved is by inserting the virtual sets at the time of filming, instead of in post-production.
While this does save a great deal of time, it's also worth noting that the quality of the resultant footage is not as high as if it had been produced in post-production, though it still serves its purpose.
While it may not be everyone's cup of tea, Hidden Frontier is well worth a shot, though you might be best to start off watching the third season, since this is where the producers really start to hit their stride.
In a near future, the ordinary man above any suspicious from the suburb Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is hired by Digicorp, a huge corporation, to be assigned as a spy and steal secrets from their competitors, Sunways.
Along his training, Morgan is brainwashed, assumes a new identity of Jack Thursby and travels to boring lectures.
In one of them, he is approached by the beautiful and mysterious Rita Foster (Lucy Liu), who advises him that nothing is how it seems to be.
Morgan acknowledges a new reality, where he does not know who can be trusted.The unknown "Cypher" was a great surprise for me.
This movie has not been released in Brazil, but the engaging and exciting story is quite complex, with many plot points, and with great screenplay, direction and performances.
In the very last twist, I recalled Arnold Schwarzenegger's "Total Recall".
This movie certainly deserves to be watched more than once, and I really did not like the last scene, when the independent spy disposes the disputed disc in the sea.
In only know the director Vicenzo Natali from the fantastic "Cube", and this second work I see is also stunning.
My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): Not Available
I watched this movie when I was almost quite a kid, and, naturally, was moved to tears by this story of a fox family.
The fantastic scenery at Hokkaidô, the excellent storytelling and last not least the wonderful soundtrack provide a rare intimacy with the protagonists.
I am still searching for some copy of the gorgeous soundtrack.
To German viewers it might be useful to know that the DEFA-dubbing is the only one worth listening to.
I taped both (DEFA and BR) but I keep viewing the first one only.
The title has many meanings - the boxing ring, where differences and grievances are fought out, a wedding ring, where Mabel feels trapped and Jack feels his troubles will be over and the cause of the trouble, a ring-like bracelet that Bill gives Mabel as a love token.
Former professional boxer, Danish Carl Brisson, was given his start in films by Alfred Hitchcock in "The Ring".
A very young Ian Hunter, who went on to have such a long career in movies, plays Bob Corby, who catches the eye of a pretty girl, Mabel (Lillian Hall Davis) at a fun fair.
She happens to be engaged to "One Round" Jack Sander (Carl Brisson) but that doesn't stop her flirting with Bob.
Bob is persuaded to go "one round" with Jack.
He goes several rounds and wins - he is a professional boxer and he and his manager have come to the fair to find out if Jack is as good a fighter as they have heard.
He offers to take Jack on and Jack goes off, along with his boorish trainer (the great Gordon Harker) to make his fortune with plans to marry Mabel when he makes good.
Jack wins his fight and marries Mabel the next day, but the deep attraction that she and Bob feel for each other is still there.
Jack is suspicious and puts everything into his training so he can fight Bob for his wife.At last a boxing movie where the hero doesn't go off the rails - Bob behaves himself and does everything he can to be a champion - if only Mabel acted in the same way!!!
She has left him for Bob - and the fight at the end is a mighty one.
It is intensely realistic - it occupies the last 20 minutes of the film.
From being raw and enthusiastic, Jack is almost knocked out - then between rounds, reuniting with Mabel, gives him the courage to triumph.
The question is why would he even want her back - from the start she thought nothing of starting an affair with Bob - why wouldn't she do it again?The film is loaded with symbolism.
Jack, shaking hands with the promoter, changes to Mabel's hands accepting a bracelet from Bob.
When Jack puts the ring on Mabel's finger, Bobs bracelet slips down her arm.
At the end Jack sees Mabel's reflection in a ringside water bucket and that gives him the confidence to go on.
This is an excellent film that will not disappoint you.Highly Recommended.
When The Matrix appeared in 1999 and questioned existence and identity, it was expected that a lot of movies would use it as inspiration.
That didn't really happen, surprisingly, and it took till 2002 for a movie of similar theme to appear.
But to say Cypher is a clone would be to its discredit.The story is of a Morgan Sullivan, who applies for a job with a high-flying techno-company called Digicorp.
His job is to be a spy and gain information about a rival company, while under an assumed and false identity.
His home-life is perfectly normal but he has to lie to his wife about what he's actually doing.
However, things start to take conspirital turns and before he knows what's going on, he starts to question who he actually is.
This is not helped by a strange woman who turns up...Twists and turns at every direction keep you absolutely fascinated, and at no point does anything ever seem contrived or unbelievable.It's an enthralling journey through a not-too-distant future, and with good acting all round will keep you on the edge of your seat.Highly recommended.
I've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really liked it a lot.
But i still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is still good compared to movies coming out now, and i wan tell it's one the best movies i've ever seen in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!!
What you need to know is that you don't have to miss any minute of this movie, if you don't completely follow the action you will get lost and you will not understand the end.
The end is what makes this movie so good, you can't expect it.Congratulations to the Producer !
With the amount of actors they have working on the project they have a wide variety of cast.
Nice starship CGI in places BUT their green screen needs some work.
Anyone heard of Adobe After Effects 7, they should buy it get their keying better.Stories are well thought out, plenty of trek elements in this to keep it in the right context.
BUT BUT the idea of two guys kissing makes me wind forward the episode.
Im not homophobic but i cant help that i don't find men kissing entertaining (dont mind women).
Anyway... For a fan series this is good stuff.
With minor improvement in their green screen, brush up acting and some guidance ratings this series is stunning.
Anyway i recommend this series to who ever enjoyed TNG and DS9.
The Sopranos is arguably the greatest show in Dramatic Television history.Its hard to think of another series that boasts so much intelligence, sublime writing or first rate performances.Across its epic scope it produces fresh and iconic characters and a constant level of high quality.
Centering around the life of one Tony Soprano, a man who lives in two families.
One is the conventional wife and two kids nuclear family the other a huge New Jersey Mafia group, of which he is the boss of both.
Played by James Gandolfini, of True Romance and The Mexican fame, Tony is a fascinating, scary but also likable guy.
Full praise must be given to Gandolfini for making a womanising and horrifically aggressive brute a genuinely identifiable and perfect leading man.
Contemporay American drama has never had such an arresting and iconic figure as Tony.The cast of hundreds never boasts a flat performance and such stand out characters like Paulie Walnuts and Ralph Cifaretto will stick in your memory for ever.The true genius of this tale however, is the creator and writers bravery and revolutionary take on a conventional drama series.
Twenty minute long dream sequences, powerful and original use of symbolism and metaphorical imagery and truly shocking scenes of violence.
Yet all this style is met by truly touching themes of love, honour and respect for family.
The series never becomes cold hearted or gratuitous.With TV now competitive and often poor The Sopranos stands tall above the rest as America's most original and compelling drama.
Forget Family Redifined.
This is Television Redifined.
Horror is perhaps one of two genres where logic doesn't always win out over imagination.
We all know that killers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface shouldn't be able to sustain the amount of pain they do and still live to fight another day.
Most of us don't believe that zombies really rise from the dead to stalk people and eat their brains.
And let's hope that at least some people know that when you enter places like Funhouses and old mansions that unspeakable crimes are not going to be perpetrated against them.
This is where imagination wins out over fact.
Horror, and most films in general, requires us to suspend our disbelief for a couple of hours and just go with the flow.
This usually isn't a problem when I watch bouncing balls being hurled down the stairs at George C. Scott or when I see an unseen force stalking three amateur film makers in the woods near Burketsville.
But what I do have a problem digesting ( without wanting to regurgitate ) is when a film has a killer like the one in this film.
To give away who the killer is would actually be a huge spoiler and it would take away all fun of watching it for yourself, but just suffice to say that I actually enjoyed this film right up to final scene when the killer is revealed.
There are too many events in the film that transpire for it to make any sense that the killer is who it is.
But the 90 minutes prior to this point is a well done, suspenseful, blood soaked film directed with panache and skill by John Hough.
If the film would have offered me a different killer, then I would actually be raving about it.
This may sound like a completely asinine reason to discredit the film, but believe me, anyone who has seen the film is almost sure to agree with me.John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell.
He and his daughter Jenny ( played beautifully by Erin Flannery ) have just recently moved to this small New England town.
Cordell is a recent widow and it is unclear how his wife died.
We see several flashback scenes where a mystery woman ( one can only presume it is his wife ) is laying backside on the ground during a torrential downpour.
Her face is bloodied and her eyes are closed.
Again, I am not sure who this woman is and what relevance she has to the story but she is there anyway.
Cassevetes, it has to be mentioned, is strange to say the least.
Cordell is a loving father but his love for his daughter seems to be a little more than just parental.
There are a few scenes that hint of incestuous possibilities.
It never comes to fruition but it just seems to be omnipotent, but somewhere just beneath the proverbial rug.
Thankfully the film never really explores this element of the relationship but it does make you a little uneasy.
Casevettes seems like a cross between the porno actor John Leslie and screen great James Caan.
He has a deceptive smile and a virile, commanding voice that makes you sit up and take notice.
But he also looks like he is about to disrobe during a business luncheon in every scene.
He just has that slimy, disingenuous, phlegmatic, uneasy way about him.
He never really looks like he can be trusted in this film.
I guess that is a credit to the writers, the director and to Cassevetes himself.
There was always something that just bothered me about his character from the get-go.
The story begins on an excellent note as two would be lovers are swimming in the local quarry.
There is a rickety old changing shed near by and as we can see, something or someone is watching them.
When the young man briefly disappears to get something from the truck, the young woman wanders into the shed, just to play a prank.
Once she is there, she is attacked.
The young man dashes to the shed to find her and he is impaled with a board and nail.
Hough shrewdly sets us up for the payoff pitch when the young man comes in.
He looks frantically scours the room and spots his would-be lover bleeding in the corner, and then smacko, the guy gets it.
It is a very tense moment and it starts the film off on the correct note.Also introduced into the tangled wed of a story is a young man named Tim that seems to be having strange dreams of a faceless woman that is bound in a torture chamber surrounded by men with cloaks covering their faces.
Tim seems to think that his dreams have something to do with the murders because every time a murder takes place, he has another dream.
Toss in a quiet and turbid grandmother, a meretricious female reporter and a strong yet venal local sheriff and you have all the ingredients necessary to create the makings of an imbroglio in the small town of Galen.Throughout the film more people are massacred but most of the time, the males are slaughtered with extreme prejudice and the females are raped.
This is my first feeble (and careful) attempt to tell you that this is what left me unconvinced with the denouement.
It just didn't strike the right chord.The Incubus is a well done film.
It is tense, tight and even most of the performances are very well done.
I was intrigued by the dreams that Tim was having and I was anxious to find out what significance they had to the story and ultimately to the murders.
But when you get through all that was good in the film, you are still left with that acerbic taste in your mouth.
And bitter pills are always more difficult to swallow than sweet ones.
7 out of 10-- This could have been a nine.
Too bad.
OssessioneLuchino Visconti's debut film, this Italian noir is generally credited with launching the Neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes penetrating, sometimes lugubrious portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux.
Set in Fascist Italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including an ingenuous drifter who espouses Communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul.
Although Visconti's compassion for the disenfranchised and his ability to express their lamentable conditions was already well-developed, the spider web of deceit is tenuous--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, Gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos.
All the same, it's incisive and essential, although its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.
The Five Deadly Venoms is a great kung-fu action movie wrapped in a whodunnit mystery.
There are all the usual telltale signs of a kung-fu flick: great choreography, awful dubbing, different "styles" of fighting, and a wide range of greatly exaggerated, often cheesey human emotions.
However the plot certainly is better than average.
It's interesting and holds your attention throughout the non-fight scenes.
Occasionally it's even able to fire up the audience, such as when X character receives horrible injustice.Another thing I love about the Five Deadly Venoms is the beautiful simplicity of the movie's morals and themes.
Just about everyone gets what's coming to them.
The cowardly, greedy, and corrupt lose out.
The bad guys, consumed by selfish greed are ultimately destroyed by their own treachery and backstabbing.
The good guys use teamwork, planning, and integrity to overcome the odds and come out on top.
Poison Clan rocks!
fascinating look at fascist italy and the people who carved out a life under mussolini.
street scenes and lifestyle glimpses alone are worth watching.
combine this with a masterful plot and premier acting and you get a film that you will want to watch again .
.. and maybe again.
What a surprisingly good movie this one turned out to be.
This is the type of film that I've been looking for ages.
Particularly important for me was the fantastic-looking Chicago, which I still keep thinking about.
The back cover doesn't do this film justice, it's superb, and in my top-5 for sure.
Hardly the stuff dreams are made of is this pursuit of the brass ring by a naive hustler (JON VOIGT) and his lame con-man sidekick (DUSTIN Hoffman), soon to forge a friendship based on basic survival skills.A daring film for its time, and a foremost example of the kind of gritty landscape being explored in the more graphic films of the '60s.
Symbolic of the "end of innocence" in American films, since it was the only X-rated film to win a Best Picture Oscar.JON VOIGT is the male hustler who comes to the big city expecting to find women an easy way to make money when they fight over his body, but soon finds the city is a cold place with no welcome mat for his ilk.
Befriended by a lame con-man (DUSTIN Hoffman), he goes through a series of serio-comic adventures that leave him disillusioned and bitter, ready to leave the confines of a cold water flat for the sunshine promised in Florida, a land his friend "Ratzo" dreams of living in.But even in this final quest, the two are losers.
John Schlesinger has directed with finesse from a brilliant script by Waldo Salt, and John Barry's haunting "Midnight Cowboy" theme adds to the poignant moments of search and desperation.Summing up: A true American classic honestly facing a tough subject and daring to show the underbelly of certain aspects of city life.
There's no romance or other side plot to this movie, it's action and intrigue all the way, making it a real man's kung-fu movie.An aging master dispatches his last disciple Yan Tieh to stop his five former pupils who's styles represents five venomous animals centipede,snake, scorpion, lizard and the toad.
Despite the word "Venom" in the title, none of these pupil uses venoms to kill their opponents.
Yan Tieh told by his teacher that he's no match for the five former pupil, must find one he can form an alliance with to defeat the other four.
How Yan Tieh and the others find each other is the intrigue to the story, with good kung-fu action spread out throughout the story.Recognized as a cult classic, this movie has already established itself in the annals of kung- fu action movies.
It's known well enough that other movies make reference to the five styles depicted in this story.It's no artistic masterpiece, with the usual bad dubbing, and corny acting, but the movie is one of the best of its kind, because its so focused on the all the ingredients of kung-fu action movie of its time, and gives an extra concentrated dose of them.One movie you must watch if you are a kung-fu movie fan.
Why should you watch this?
There are certainly no reasons why you shouldn't watch it!
Superbly and amusingly directed by Albert and David Maysles, Grey Gardens was originally intended to be a film on the gentrification of East Hampton, but it turned out to the brothers that it would be more interesting to produce a study on the eccentric life of the two Edith Bouvier Beales, the aunt and cousin of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
Their life was certainly an amusing one (Edith spent most of her day in bed singing operas, Edie performing pirouettes and majorette dances with their many cats, one was named Ted Z. Kennedy) The film is interesting because it is both funny and sad - Edith died shortly after the film was released (in February 1977) aged 82 after experiencing some of the fame that she and Edie received after the film (she danced and sang in a nightclub Edie Beale Jr was born in 1925 and is still living in Miami Beach.This film is both engaging and spellbounding.
Little Edie and Big Edie are characters that anyone can feel compassion for.
Even though their house was filthy, this is somehow understandable considering their mental illness.
On the message board a poster wrote that "Little Edie has the coping skills of an eight year old."
This reminded me of when in the dramatized 2009 version, Big Edie says to Little Edie, "If you're stuck, it's only with yourself!"
These women had everything; beauty, talent, intelligence, firm belief in their opinions and actions.
Perhaps if Little Edie wasn't so hard on herself the first time things didn't work out, losing her hair, her job, and the love of her life, she would have made it.
This somehow ties into what I believe is her mental illness: her inability to pick herself up when times are hard and see that good times lie ahead.
The world will never know what have happened if she didn't listen to her mom's plea, "Come home, Edie!
Let me take care of you!
"Yet these understandably insecure women somehow manage to be brilliant, heartbreaking, and lovable, even in their extremely filthy home.
These women were extraordinary, and their interaction with each other bring humor and sadness.
When Edie had one of her emotional breakdowns, dwelling about what could have been, or about how she wants to get out of her home because she feels like a little girl, one gets the intense urge to hug her and tell her that "everything will be okay!"
Great documentary!
!9/10
This is my favorite show.
I think it is utterly brilliant.
Thanks to David Chase for bringing this into my life.Season 11.
The Sopranos: 5/52.
46 Long: 4.5/53.
Denial, Anger, Acceptance: 5/54.
Meadowlands: 4/55.
College:6.
Pax Soprana: 5/57.
Down Neck: 4.5/58.
The Legend of Tennessee Moltisanti: 5/59.
Boca: 4.5/510.
A Hit Is a Hit: 3.5/511.
Nobody Knows Anything: 5/512.
Isabella: 5/513.
I Dream of Jeannie Cusamano: 5/5
One of my best films ever, maybe because i was well into the punk scene in the late 70s and went to many of hazels concerts, but the film was a good story line and very good acting by hazel and a up and coming Phil Daniels not sure about his latest project Eastenders !!
excellent performance by lots of unknown actors who if you keep your eyes peeled will see them in many of the UK soaps today exp: Carver out of the Bill, the more i watch it the more of them i spot, well if you have not seen it yet have a night in with the video, don't forget to dig out the safety pin for your nose and heavy black eye makeup and shave your head Mochanian style....Enjoy
This is a wonderful film... First impressions of cynicism and crassness are soon dissipated by a fun loving display of how men and women's baser motivations diverge (Vive la difference !)
You can love people despite and sometimes because of their weaknesses.
Human beings are a bit rubbish really, but we have big hearts and we try our best, despite temptation.
It's not our fault when sometimes temptation can't be resisted, that's just who we are.There is a consistent stylishness from start to finish; crisp photography and sharp composition, very pleasant viewing when you add provocative content, well suited music and laugh out loud scripting.Watch out for the very young "lone wise voice"... brilliant; wisdom from innocence balancing comedy from the human condition.
Despite a tight narrative, Johnnie To's Election feels at times like it was once a longer picture, with many characters and plot strands abandoned or ultimately unresolved.
Some of these are dealt with in the truly excellent and far superior sequel, Election 2: Harmony is a Virtue, but it's still a dependably enthralling thriller about a contested Triad election that bypasses the usual shootouts and explosions (though not the violence) in favour of constantly shifting alliances that can turn in the time it takes to make a phone call.
It's also a film where the most ruthless character isn't always the most threatening one, as the chilling ending makes only too clear: one can imagine a lifetime of psychological counselling being necessary for all the trauma that one inflicts on one unfortunate bystander.Simon Yam, all too often a variable actor but always at his best under To's direction, has possibly never been better in the lead, not least because Tony Leung's much more extrovert performance makes his stillness more the powerful.
Neither the total disaster the UK critics claimed nor the misunderstood masterpiece its few fanboys insist, Revolver is at the very least an admirable attempt by Guy Ritchie to add a little substance to his conman capers.
But then, nothing is more despised than an ambitious film that bites off more than it can chew, especially one using the gangster/con-artist movie framework.
As might be expected from Luc Besson's name on the credits as producer, there's a definite element of 'Cinema de look' about it: set in a kind of realistic fantasy world where America and Britain overlap, it looks great, has a couple of superbly edited and conceived action sequences and oozes style, all of which mark it up as a disposable entertainment.
But Ritchie clearly wants to do more than simply rehash his own movies for a fast buck, and he's spent a lot of time thinking and reading about life, the universe and everything.
If anything its problem is that he's trying to throw in too many influences (a bit of Machiavelli, a dash of Godard, a lot of the Principles of Chess), motifs and techniques, littering the screen with quotes: the film was originally intended to end with three minutes of epigrams over photos of corpses of mob victims, and at times it feels as if he never read a fortune cookie he didn't want to turn into a movie.
Rather than a commercial for Kabbalism, it's really more a mixture of the overlapping principles of commerce, chess and confidence trickery that for the most part pulls off the difficult trick of making the theosophy accessible while hiding the film's central (somewhat metaphysical) con.The last third is where most of the problems can be found as Jason Statham takes on the enemy (literally) within with lots of ambitious but not always entirely successful crosscutting within the frame to contrast people's exterior bravado with their inner fear and anger, but it's got a lot going for it all the same.
Not worth starting a new religion over, but I'm surprised it didn't get a US distributor.
Maybe they found Ray Liotta's intentionally fake tan just too damn scary?
The symbolic use of objects, form editing, the position of characters in the scene... these were all used with such joyous abandon by Hitchcock that you can really see what a fertile genius he had.
The way the wife moves from one corner of the ring to the other as the fight progresses, the editing when the wedding ring is placed on her finger... while these may seem a bit obvious by todays standards, in the silent era they spoke volumes about the story without a word being spoken.
Even the title has a least four meanings that I can see; the boxing ring, the wedding ring, the bracelet the lover buys, and the love triangle at the heart of the story.
When I was a kid it was Lex Barker's time as Tarzan.
I often heard from older people that Johnny Weissmuller "was" Tarzan and I wouldn't understand why since I saw a couple of Weismuller's last films in the character and I thought he was sort of out of shape.
It wasn't after many years that I came across "Tarzan and His Mate", and then I understood.
Weismuller is in shape in this picture and has the presence and rugged looks the character demands not matched yet by other Tarzans such as Barker, Gordon Scott, Jock Mahoney, Denny Miller, Miles O'Keefe and Cristopher Lambert.As for this film I was also surprised by the sensual presence of beautiful Maureen O'Sullivan a strong, self minded, active and "no-inhibitions" woman as Jane way ahead of the times in which the film was made (Tarzan pushes her into a pond naked as she is amused; one of the explorers kisses her by surprise and though she doesn't kiss him back she sort of let him do for a bit and makes no big deal out of it); such behaviors were unthinkable with the "Janes" to come such as Brenda Joyce, Vanessa Brown, Virginia Huston or Dorothy Hart, all playing sort of too perfect sweet vulnerable women making it hard to believe they could survive in a hostile place like the African jungle.O'Sullivan character's sparkling personality steals the show out of Tarzan himself, except of course when it comes to action and Weismuller takes the lead easily; the combination is perfect.
Another highlight in the movie is Cheeta's secondary role and not as the main lead like in later Tarzan pictures where she often saves the day.
"Tarzan and His Mate" stands as a fine product in its genre (Tarzan films) and perhaps as the best, though I have to admit that I also enjoyed "Tarzan's Greatest Adventure" (1959) made with a higher budget and a strong supporting cast (and in spite of the just acceptable Gordon Scott in the leading role with his too perfect "all gymnasium" physical looks that doesn't fit for a rustic ape man).Good for Jane and her mate!
The story is extremely unique.It's about these 2 pilots saving Earth from alien beings but they have to use a special speed that makes everything around them age rapidly.The whole series is about the pilots dealing with the loss of time,friends,and mentors.The ending COULD have been fantastic.It started to end on a total down note and leave a real mark but instead ended on a super happy Disney note and annoyed me VERY bad.The animation is decent for 89 but can't compare to nowadays.I have also heard many complain about the cheesiness of the nudity.I actually found it to be somewhat decent.The nudity for the most part was warranted except in episode 2 where there was an excess.Overall it deserves a look but the ending keeps it from being a classic.
Well, I'd heard from somewhere that Ossessione is a precursor to the Italian film genre, and particular favourite of mine, the 'Giallo'...but actually, aside from the fact that this is a thriller that was made in Italy; the two have pretty much no relation.
In the sixties and seventies, Italian film-makers would get themselves a reputation for ripping off just about every successful American film released.
They've not done that here, but Ossessione does follow almost the exact same story as the later American film 'The Postman Always Rings Twice', without giving the book's author, James M. Cain, so much as a credit!
Anyway, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a handsome drifter who, by chance, stumbles upon a café where a woman named Giovanna Bragana works.
He soon learns that she's married to Giuseppe; a big fat annoying man, whom Giovanna can't stand to have even touching her.
He wants the pair of them to run away together, but she's not so keen on the idea.
However, fate ends up intervening and her plan to have her husband murdered is successful...Despite the fact that the film loses some credibility for not crediting the author whose story it's based on, it has to be said that director Luchino Visconti implements the film noir style well, and in a way I even prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the bigger American noir classics.
The story is, as you would expect, extremely strong and the Visconti manages to pull good performances out of his cast.
Visconti drags the film out a little bit too much, however, and with a running time of almost 135 minutes, I felt that the story was too thin to warrant this kind of length.
I almost feel guilty for levelling all this criticism at Ossessione as it IS a good film, but it's not a 'great' film.
The relationship between the two central characters is never really explored properly, and it seems like the film is keener to distract us from it rather than let us into the characters' heads.
There's not much mystery to the plot as we pretty much always know what's going on, and by not always focusing on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it could have been.
Still, it makes for an interesting viewing and comes recommended for that reason...although it's not as good as the 1946 version of the same James M. Cain classic.
As with all of Angelopoulos' films, "The Suspended Step of the Stork" implicitly demands a close and intimate participation on the part of the viewer, a fact that has certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work.
Dialogues are sparing, with no monologues or exchanges exteriorizing the characters' inner conflicts, doubts, or feelings.
The filmmaker prefers to keep the viewers away from their own emotional responses, and instead forces them to explore and study the characters' identities for themselves.
As a result, the acting is understated and implicit, as opposed to overt and explicit.The action scenes are set between long intervals of contemplation, where the viewer is asked to become a participant, to participate as an actor, by probing his or her own psyche.
As in a novel, where the drama rests entirely on the author's writing to provide a template where the reader's imagination and/or past experience flourish, Angelopoulos' drama rests within his images: his uses of the long shots, the long takes, the leisurely pacing, the sparing dialogues that have become his trademark, inviting the viewer to experience the film from his or her personal perspective.
Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, reverting to the non-verbal language of gestures, gazes, sounds, and music, when he believes that words can only take us so far.The music, by Angelopoulos' long time collaborator, Eleni Karaindrou, provides more than just a discreet background, but becomes itself a dramatic element of the story.
A large part of the film consists of exterior shots in subtle, subdued colors, recorded in a drab winter light.
Angelopoulos presents us with an "other Greece," one far different from the Greece of the tourist brochures, with ethereal blue skies and emerald seas, drowned in an eternal sunshine.
Here, the skies are covered and gray, the air is cold and misty, and the sands of the pristine beaches have been replaced by the trampled, dirty snow of the village streets.
Angelopoulos' genius through Arvanitis' camera is on display throughout the film.
"The Suspended Step of the Stork" is above all else a political statement aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century.
It is deeply concerned with the meaning of "borders," and with those who are the victims of the confusion between nations.
In the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, the refugees, political or other, outcast by the rest of humanity, wait.
They may be stuck against a political border, but unfortunately they still carry with them, and hang on, deeper ancestral borders: those of the languages, of the customs, and of the races.
Although Angelopoulos' political views are well known, the film steers clear of any political discourse regarding the causes of the refugees' plights.
In the process, Angelopoulos forces us to meditate on the concepts of geographical, cultural, political, and personal "borders."
Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of twentieth century Greece, and he likes to bring lessons from the Hellenic myths into his discussions.
In this film, he does some border crossing himself between the Greek and Italian cultures, drawing from a combined Homeric and Dantesque tradition of Odysseus' travel.
Alexander is a Telemachus, in search of a story about an aging Greek politician/Odysseus who disappeared, never to be heard of again.
This political man, a brilliant orator, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife, and his brilliant career, to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the low.
He became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world.
Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" stands before Alexander like a father figure/Odysseus.
As with Homer's Telemachus, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey.Of course, it would be wrong to try and see in the film a retelling of Homer's Odyssey in a contemporary context.
Angelopoulos draws on Odysseus's travels only as structuring and thematic elements for his film.
In Angelopoulos' ending, "Odysseus" is more like the Dante's Odysseus: he does not leave for Ithaca but goes on, "carrying a suitcase."
And Alexander/Telemachus is "suspended" between returning to his home and his career, or embarking on a voyage to "somewhere else."
He states as much, in a voice-over at the beginning of the film, paraphrasing few lines from Dante's "Inferno": "And don't forget that the time for a voyage has come again.
The wind blows your eyes far away."
Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme introduced during the film in the form of the yellow-suited linesmen, who go around bettering things for their fellow human beings by reconnecting communications, and also the Christ-like figure of the "politician."
In the final scene, these men in yellow demonstrate once more the Byzantine iconography's influence in Angelopoulos' work.
They appear like "stylites," religious figures found in the Orthodox tradition, solitary and fervent men who took up their abode upon the tops of pillars, in a form of asceticism.The film ends without a resolution as to the true identity of the character played by Mastroianni.
Angelopoulos does not give us any clues, and the wife's statement, "It's not him," is far from convincing and left ambiguous enough.
The important question of the film is not whether he is or is not the vanished politician, but that he could be the politician.
But the film still ends on an optimistic note.
Whereas the wires strung from pole to pole run only along the river, and thus communications across the border are still not possible, and it remains impenetrable, we note that this final scene is taken from a point of view across the river: the camera has crossed the border, and the reverse tracking shot is inviting Alexander and the viewer to follow beyond the boundary.
On this account, Angelopoulos gives us hope that somehow, some of the borders will eventually crumble.
Well, I must say that this was one hell of a fun movie.
Despite the fact that the dubbing was pretty cheesy, and there were some odd moments where the film seemed to turn dark blue for no apparent reason, I was not disappointed.
The story was actually pretty interesting: the last member of the Poison Clan must track down the other five members and discover who among them is using their skills for evil, and who is using them for good.
The catch being that during training, all of the clan were masked, and all have since returned to society in disguise and changed their names.The fights are a joy to watch, as each member of the Poison Clan has a different fighting style: toad (my favorite), snake, scorpion, lizard, and centipede.
The fight scenes have the actors jumping all over the place, and thankfully the camera stays planted and uses a wide enough shot so you can clearly see all of the action.The one drawback to the movie is that the story tends to drag a bit in the first half up until the first fight sequence.
But stick with it, and you won't be disappointed!
Good action show, but nothing new.
This one took place high in the mountains, which showed some nice scenery and such.
One man takes on a group of mercenaries, the lead flies, and he kicks butt.
It could have been called "Rambo Goes to the Rockies", it was that pat.
It did have one very effective scene right at the first of the film which had me cringing in horror.
Not a bad picture, but just same ol', same ol'.
Be careful with this one.
Once you get yer mitts on it, it'll change the way you look at kung-fu flicks.
You will be yearning a plot from all of the kung-fu films now, you will be wanting character depth and development, you will be craving mystery and unpredictability, you will demand dynamic camera work and incredible backdrops.
Sadly, you won't find all of these aspects together in one kung-fu movie, EXCEPT for Five Deadly Venoms!Easily the best kung-fu movie of all-time, Venoms blends a rich plot, full of twists and turns, with colourful (and developed) characters, along with some of the best camerawork to come out of the 70s.
The success of someone liking the film depends on the viewers ability to decipher which character is which, and who specializes in what venom.
One is the Centipede, two is the Snake, three is the Scorpion, four is the Lizard, and five is the Toad.
Each character has different traits, characteristics, strengths, and weaknesses.
Therein lies the hook, we learn along with the student character, finding out who these different men turn out to be.
We are in his shoes (so to speak), and we have to pick who we trust, and who we don't, just like he does.
We learn along with him.Not only is the plot, the characters, and the camerawork great, it's also fun to watch, which in my book makes it more valuable than almost any other movie of it's kind.
It's worth quite a few watches to pick up on everything that's going on.
Venoms is a lesson on what kung-fu can really do...just don't expect many other kung-fu films to live up to it's gauntlet.
After reading tons of good reviews about this movie I decided to take it for a spin (I bought it on DVD, hence the "spin" pun...I'm a dork).
The beginning was everything I hoped for, a perfect set-up (along with some quotes that I've heard on Various Wu-Tang albums) to what should have been a good movie.
But the plot I heard was so great, was so predictable.
Every time I saw a character (except for the Lizard) I guessed which Venom he was.
Plus, the only cool character gets killed off in the middle of the movie.
Ok, so the plot wasn't very good but at least there was some good kung-fu right?
Wrong.
The fights were very short and few and far between.
Granted the different styles were all pretty cool but I wish the fights were longer.
I kept hoping to see the Lizard run and do some crazy ish on the walls but it never happened.
I was hoping to see the Centipede do some tight speedy ish but it never happened.
I was hoping to see the Scorpion in the movie for more than 7 total minutes but it never happened.
In short, not much happens.
The fighting is all pretty routine.
Don't be fooled just becuase this movie has a plot, it does not mean it's a good one.
I really like Star Trek Hidden Frontier it is an excellent fan fiction film series and i cant wait to see more I have only started watching this film series last week and i just cannot get enough of it.
I have already recommended it too other people to watch since it is well worth the view.
I have already watched each episode many times over and am waiting to see more episodes come out.
I rated it a ten but i think it deserves a 12 loll My compliments to the staff of the Star Trek Hidden Frontiers on an excellent job.
If u like Star Trek i highly recommend checking out this star trek fan fiction film.
The detail associated with this series of films is excellent especially the ships and planets used in it
As this happens to be one of most favorite novels , I was very excited to see the move.
I was not disappointed!
Yes of course there are a few things that I could pick on , but I think that the movie stuck true to the book, and was a really good movie.
It seems that Stephen King films mostly get a bad review , but this is one of the good ones.
It is such a dark story , which I guess is why I like it .. and what is better than the dead coming to life.. and something about animals returning from the grave is quite creepy too.
If you have seen the movie do yourself a huge favor and now read the book!!
It is a well written screen play , the actors could have done a better job ( I only say this for Rachel , and Ellie .. she was so whinny ) I liked everyone else a lot.. and most important to me .. it stuck true with the novel.
'Grey Gardens'(1975) is the Maysles' brothers bizarre documentary of Jackie Bouvier Kennedy Onassis'eccentric aunt and first cousin who live like pigs in a run down 28 room mansion on East Hampton, Long Island.
'Big Edie' Bouvier Beale,78,witty and dry and her daughter, 'Little Edie' Beale,56,(emotionally about 13) a still beautiful woman who once had a promising future,live in isolation from the rest of the world except for their many cats and raccoons in the attic.
They amuse themselves by bickering all day, listening to the radio or singing to each other(They dont even own a television) Their fall from society is amazing to learn of and the viewer is drawn to these two very special, although obviously, dysfunctional people.One of the better documentaries ever made and still a cult classic today.
Sarah Silverman is a dangerous Bitch!
She's beautiful, sexy, funny and talent, dark and demonic.
I read the other 'comment' on this show as well as the message board stuff and people just don't get it.
Nothing that appears on T.V.
is an accident.
Too much money, time and work is put into the production of a T.V.
show for there to be mistakes.
This show is stupid because Sarah wanted it to be stupid.
This show is juvenile because Sarah wanted it to be juvenile.
I thought the jokes were great and the theme show as well as the other musical numbers are wonderfully bizarre.
It's a lot like Pee-Wee's Playhouse for maladjusted, slacker twenty-something glue sniffing, Future Pornstars of America from the Valley.
The cast is awesome.
The scenarios and action is well-paced.
I hope this show succeeds since Comedy Central didn't let David spade keep his show.
Who plays Sarah's sister?
She not in the cast listing on the show's home page.
I would love to see her stand-up.
Does anyone know about her up-coming show dates or DVDs that may be floating around out there?
Erotic cinema of the 1970's was tame compared to the triple X romps of today, which is good.
Because there is a good story around the naked rituals and sex scenes.
Of course, I wish that they had some vampire effects which they had at the time period and the sex did get in the way of the story a little.
Plus some of the accents were hard to understand at time periods, but it's worth watching the unedited version then the edited up version which is titled THE DEVIL'S PLAYTHING.
But if you don't care for allot of naked women dancing and having sex, then this isn't the movie for you.
However, I did enjoy it and I give it...7 STARS.
"Midnight Cowboy" is one of those films thats been proclaimed a masterpiece with good reason - it really is one of the finest films ever made in America.
Its both artistically valid yet entirely accessible and commercial.
No wonder it was a huge success when initially released.
But be warned, its also one of the most heartbreaking films ever made.
The characters are memorable, well-developed, and ultimately tragic.
The filmmakers should be applauded for not giving us the Hollywood ending, something which was basically mandatory by the 80s.
Still, this is why I treasure the years of 1967 to 1977 for American film.
Its a time when well-made, innovative, and most of all bleak films could be made with the big budgets that Hollywood could offer.
All this was over by the time "Star Wars" was released.The direction by John Schlesinger makes the material work.
It combines a simplistic style with some experimental editing.
Unlike many other films featuring these psychedelic effects, "Midnight Cowboy" has aged quite well.
Its still as powerful now as it was when initially released.
The acting however is what makes this a masterpiece.
The characters' backgrounds are never fully explained, but the performances make them completely developed.
Both Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman are absolutely memorable and sympathetic (despite their sometimes reprehensible actions).
Plus, being a fan of vintage exploitation films, I loved the scenes set on the infamously sleazy 42nd street.
"Midnight Cowboy" is close to being perfect and one of the most powerful films ever made.
(10/10)
After Racism, Rural exodus -also known as migration from the country side- is another socio-political issue of the 1960s.
WestSide Story had dealt with Racism by a love feast in an artistic view.
Now, Midnight Cowboy deals with rural exodus by a friendship tragedy in a psychological view.
It has a deeply grievous ending that we witness one of the two companions of fate passing away.Director John Schlesinger skillfully deliver us the deepest secret thoughts, dreams, fantasies, fears and evaluations of two New York City scums.
While the handsome Joe Buck(Voight) dreams of all the beautiful women of the world begging him to share a wild love fantasy, the poor Ratso Rizzo(Hoffman) dreams of a better and healthier life in clean and sunny Florida.
Accordingly, Joe becomes a hustler to turn his fantasies into reality; and Ratso becomes a snatcher to collect enough money to migrate into Florida.
Besides Ratso helps Joe to find his way to do whatever he can.
They begin sharing everything in life.
They share food, they share medicine, they share an uninhabited home, they share their earnings and thus they share a destiny.
Regrettably as the story progresses, Joe realizes that being handsome is not the only thing to make all the beautiful women begging him to have fun; and moreover Ratso cannot see Florida since his heart fails defeated to his disease whilst he was on the bus taking him there.The Might is always right, and the Feeble has no right in the daylight.
Thence, "Midnight" gives the factual sight.Despite the tragedy, there is no melodrama in Midnight Cowboy.
Every aspect of each character is the reality of the poor who bear their inevitable fate.
Thanks to this, Midnight Cowboy is a provocative view of a socio-political issue, the rural exodus.
Gino Costa (Massimo Girotti) is a young and handsome drifter who arrives in a road bar.
He meets the young, beautiful and unsatisfied wife Giovanna Bragana (Clara Calamai) and her old and fat husband Giuseppe Bragana (Juan de Landa), owners of the bar.
He trades his mechanical skills by some food and lodging, and has an affair with Giovanna.
They both decide to kill Giuseppe, forging a car accident.
The relationship of them become affect by the feeling of guilty and the investigation of the police.
This masterpiece ends in a tragic way.
The noir and neo-realistic movie of Luchino Visconti is outstanding.
This is the first time that I watch this version of `The Postman Always Rings Twice'.
I loved the 1946 version with Lana Turner, and the 1981 version, where Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange have one of the hottest sex scene in the history of the cinema, but this one is certainly the best.
My vote is ten.
Jon Voight plays a man named Joe.
Joe is shook up by a haunting childhood.
He has a strong fear and hatred of religion due to his traumatic baptism.
He quits his job as a dishwasher and goes out to become a hustler for wealthy people.
He meets a misfit named Ratso(Dustin Hoffman) and the two for a relationship.
They go out and work together in helping each other out.
They become thieves.
The two grow remarkably close and soon can't live without each other.
However, there is something very important that Ratso hasn't told Joe, and it could destroy any hope they have of surviving the city together.
This is one of the greatest films ever made.
It is a heartbreaking and shattering portrait of too very lonely men who have nothing to lose but each other.
Their story is devastating to watch, but is ultimately important for people to see.
It's one of those films where the characters are pretty much just like the seemingly crazy people you sometimes find on the street.
The difference is that this film is from their perspective.
Their lives are shown to us and it's devastating to see the pedestrians in this film treat them like dirt, especially if we at one time were one of those people.
However, the film doesn't try to guilt trip you.
Instead, it shows you the rough side of the lifestyle of hustling.
It is not a pleasant and easygoing lifestyle like many Hollywood films portray it such as MILK MONEY and PRETTY WOMAN.
The lifestyle of being a male hustler is a dirty, gritty, and ugly life and it's sad that people have degraded themselves like the character of Joe in this film does.
What startles me the most about this film was that it came out in 1969, and it has stood the test of time perfectly.
Today's audiences will still find great meaning in this film and will still love it and cherish it just as much as critics and audiences did everywhere in 1969.
The film was rated X, but what I notice about this film is that the sexuality is portrayed in a much more honest, realistic, and effective way.
Anybody who has had sex before will know how humorous, awkward, and scary as hell it can be and this film doesn't shy away from any of that.
The sex in this film may not be as graphic as in once was thought to be.
Movies that were X rated such as MIDNIGHT COWBOY, A CLOCKWORK ORANGE, GREETINGS, LAST TANGO IN Paris, and FRITZ THE CAT all seem remarkably tame compared to the shocking things that people can get away with an R rating today.
The sex scenes in MIDNIGHT COWBOY will seem quite strong but they certainly aren't sexy.
They are not graphic, but they are realistic, and that's what people should keep in mind when they view this film.
The course language that is used in the film, particularly the word "fag" is used effectively and is not gratuitous.
The violence is very shocking to watch even today, but again it is necessary to the plot to depict the world of a hustler.
I'm really glad to see that MIDNIGHT COWBOY is not dated and is still just as affecting as it was in 1969, if not more.
I can't recommend this classic enough and I do hope that it continues to find an audience because it really is a very special and unforgettable experience that will not soon be forgotten.PROS: -Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman are both harrowing and amazing to watch.
They have never played roles like this before or since and they are completely different from usual.
You'll forget who is playing them within minutes!
-Beautiful score -Not at all dated or campy like many films of that decade come off as today -Fantastic and fast editing jobCONS: -For mature audiences only -The opening scenes are well done, but they could be just a little stronger.
This movie is just great.
It's entertaining from beginning to the end, you're always gonna be at the edge of your seat throughout the entire movie.
In my opinion this movie is highly underrated by the critics.Sly suits perfectly into the role of the well trained mountain-rescue guy Gabe Walker.
Together with him Michael Rooker makes a great appearance as Hal Tucker.
And then, John Lithgow, one of the best performances I've seen of him as a villain.And the fact that 75% of the movie takes place at a mountain with a whole lot of bad guys on it makes way for a lot of action!
Brilliant movie!
My siblings and I stumbled upon The Champions when our local station aired re-runs of it one summer in the 1970's.
We absolutely adored it.
There was something so exotic and mysterious about it, especially when compared to the usual American re-runs (Petticoat Junction, Green Acres... you get the idea).
It had a similar feel to The Avengers (not too much of a surprise, since it was also British and in the spy/adventure genre).I would love to see it again now -- hopefully it holds up.
I've mentioned this show to others and no one has ever heard of it, so I began to wonder if I'd imagined its whole existence.
But the wonder that is the web has allowed me track down information about it.
Hopefully it will find a new generation of fans.
This is not a bad movie.
It follows the new conventions of modern horror, that is the movie within a movie, the well known actress running for her life in the first scene.
This movie takes the old convention of a psycho killer on he loose, and manage to do something new, and interesting with it.
It is also always nice to see Molly Ringwald back for the attack.So this might be an example of what the genre has become.
Cut hits all the marks, and is actually scary in some parts.
I liked it I gave it an eight.
I'd never seen an independent movie and I was really impressed by the writing, acting and cinematography of Jake's Closet.
The emotions were very real and intense showing, through a child's eyes, the harsh impact of divorce.A definite see!I'd never seen an independent movie and I was really impressed by the writing, acting and cinematography of Jake's Closet.
The emotions were very real and intense showing, through a child's eyes, the harsh impact of divorce.A definite see!
If you love kung-fu films and you haven't seen this movie, you are cheating yourself.
This movie is one of the only kung-fu cheapies that could be recommended for fans of all types of film.
Normally, it takes a die-hard fan of the genre to see anything in these films, but this one has it all!
The story is well told, and complete.
The fight scenes are great, and tend to end before you're completely bored with them (unlike Crouching Tiger).
Throw in a little mystery and torture and you've got yourself one heck of a movie.
See this one at all costs.
Heck, my wife even enjoyed it.Wu Du it!9 out of 10
I laughed so hard during this movie my face hurt.
Ben Affleck was hilarious and reminded me of a pretty boy Jack Black in this role.
Gandolfini gives his typical A performance.
The entire cast is funny, the story pretty good and the comic moments awesome.
I went into this movie not expecting much so perhaps that is why I was so surprised to come out of the flick thoroughly pleased and facially exhausted.
I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys comedy, can identify with loneliness during the holidays and/or putting up with the relatives.
The best part to this film (to me anyway) were the subtle bits of humor that caught me completely off guard and had me laughing long after the rest of the audience had stopped.
Namely, the scene involving the lighting of the Christmas tree.
Go see it and have a good laugh!
I too have gone thru very painful personal loss (Twice) and this movie portrays the gut wrenching reality of that experience very well, Life out of balance, nothing makes sense, well meaning relatives, etc...It was nice to see Ally again.
She is one of my all time favorite movie actors.I laughed and cried as the story unfolded.
Great story and cast.
Well done!
Wracked with guilt after a lot of things felt apart on that ledge, an ace mountain rescue climber Gabriel Walker (Stallone) comes back for his girlfriend Jessie (Janine Turner), while over the cloudy skies where the weather looks a bit threatening, a spectacularly precarious mid-air hijacking goes wrong and $100 million taken from a Treasury Department plane get lost in the middle of nowhere followed by a crash landing Stranded off the snowy peaks, and needing mountain guides to win back the stolen cash, the high-trained hikers make an emergency call asking the help of a rescue unit Unfortunately, Gab and Hall (Michael Rooker) have to team up to arrive at the scene of the crash unaware that the distress call was a fake, and a bunch of merciless terrorists led by a psychotic (John Lithgow),are waiting for them only to find out a way off the stormy mountain with the dumped cases of money With breathtaking shots, vertiginous scenery, dizzying heights, perilous climbs, freezing temperatures, "Cliffhanger" is definitely Stallone's best action adventure movie
The Ring was made from the only screenplay Hitchcock wrote himself and it deals, as many of his earliest pictures do, with a love triangle.
At first glance, it looks like a more cynical update of the infidelity-themed morality comedies of Cecil B.
De Mille, but more than that it is the first really competent Hitchcock picture.
Even if he was not yet using the ideas and motifs of suspenseful thrillers, he was at least developing the tools with which to create suspense.As well as being a student of the German Expressionist style, the rhythmic editing style of Sergei Eisenstein had had its impact upon Hitchcock.
But here he keeps tempo not just with the edits but with the content of the imagery.
This is apparent from the opening shots, where spinning fairground rides brilliantly establish a smooth tempo.
And like Eisenstein, the editing style seems to suggest sound  for example when a split-second shot of the bell being rung is flashed in, we almost subconsciously hear the sound because the image is so jarring.There is also a contrast, particularly with silent films from the US, in that The Ring is not cluttered up with too many title cards.
As much as possible is conveyed by imagery, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to either lip-read or at least infer the meaning of the bulk of the characters' speech.
And it's not done by contrived symbolism or overacting, it's all done by getting the right angles and the right timing, particularly with point-of-view shots, as well as some strong yet subtle performances.
There are unfortunately a few too many obvious expressionist devices (particularly double exposures), many of which were unnecessary, but there is far less of this than there is in The Lodger.Let's make a few honourable mentions for the aforementioned actors.
First up, the stunningly handsome and very talented Carl Brisson in the lead role.
In spite of his talent I was at first a bit confused as to why he got the role, as to be honest he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist!
But that just goes to show how much I know, as it turns out Brisson was in fact a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting.
Playing his rival is the competent Ian Hunter, who would go on to have a lengthy career in supporting roles right up to the 60s.
The most demanding role in The Ring has to be that given to Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers.
She pulls it off very well however with an emotive, understated performance, and it's a shame her career never lasted in the sound era.
And last but not least the great Gordon Harker provides some comic relief in what is probably his best ever role.The Ring's climactic fight scene is among the most impressive moments of silent-era Hitchcock.
Martin Scorcese may have had his eye on The Ring when he directed the fight scenes in Raging Bull, as his watchword for these scenes was "Stay inside the ring".
The fight in The Ring starts off with some fairly regular long shots, but when the action intensifies Hitchcock drops us right in the middle of it, with close-ups and point-of-view shots.
Hitchcock's aim always seems to have been to involve his audience, and this was crucial in his later career where the secret of his success was often in immersing the viewer in the character's fear or paranoia.The Ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known The Lodger.
It's a much more polished and professional work than the earlier picture, and probably the best of all his silent features.
Bad script, bad direction, over the top performances, overwrought dialogue.
What more could you ask for?
For laughs, it just doesn't get any better than this.
Zadora's over-acting combined with the cliched scenarios she finds herself in make for an hilarious parody of the "Hollywood" machine.
Almost as funny as "Spinal Tap" even though it was clearly not intended as such.
Don't miss Ray Liotta's debut film line, "Looks like a penis."
I sometimes grow weary of reading reviews of some of Hitchcock's lesser known films, because almost every single one starts out with someone saying this film is grossly overlooked or this is a hidden Hitchcock gem or a true Hitchcock great or some other generic if - only - people - would - watch - this - they - would - see - that - this - is - a - great - Hitchcock - film - just - as - much - as - Vertigo - North - by - Northwest - Psycho - Rear - Window - etc.
So, that being said, I would just like to say that if - only - people - would - watch - this - they - would - see - that - this - is - a - great - Hitchcock - film - just - as - much - as - Vertigo - North - by - Northwest - Psycho - Rear - Window - etc.Now, that may be overshooting a little bit, The Ring is not by any stretch of the imagination even in the same league as any of those films mentioned twice above, but compared to the other films that Hitchcock made in the late 1920s and early 1930s, I really think that The Ring is one of the best photographed and performed films of mostly all of them.
As an almost brand new director, there are some astonishing dream sequences and brilliant segments of editing which show why Hitchcock was generating so much attention early in his career.Granted, the film does start with, among other things, the highly disturbing spectacle of an idiot black circus performer (and I use idiot in the definitive manner, the way Stephen King so often does) having eggs and fruit thrown at him by a crowd of not the classiest looking white people.
I suppose this only illustrates how incredibly different such circuses and people were back then, but I think it is one of the most off-putting sequences in any Hitchcock film I've seen.The main attraction at the circus is a fighter who claims to be able to knock any man down in one round, but when he meets his match, it is against a man that challenges his authority not only in the boxing ring but also in the ring around his wife's finger.
So begins an entertaining if not very tense challenge for the love of one woman, who seems to sway from one man to the other effortlessly and thoughtlessly.
(spoilers) There is, for example, a scene where her husband watches her from above as she is dropped off at home late at night and, just before going into the building, she is coaxed back to the car for a kiss.
This kiss is never explained, and there is also the fact that, even at the end when she proves faithful to her husband, or at least ultimately chooses him, they look into each other's eyes but do not actually kiss.The film is certainly beautifully photographed, even more so than several films that Hitch released in subsequent years.
There is also a performance by Gordon Harker as One Round Jack's trainer who, in his stone faced expressionism, reminds me quite often of the brilliant Buster Keaton.
Hitch leaves it a bit ambiguous, but this is a great sample of his early work.
I really like this movie.
I can watch it on a regular basis and not tire of it.
I suppose that is one of my criteria for a great movie.The story is very interesting.
It introduces us to 6 characters; each has a unique kung fu style that is very secret and very deadly.
Each of these characters are trained by the same master but their identities are kept secret from each other.
The dying master sends the 6th venom, his last student, to attempt to make right the wrongs that he suspects some of his students have committed.How will the last pupil find the other venoms?
How will he know which of them is bad?
The way these questions are answered is part of what makes this movie great.We also get to see the venoms fight each other in every combination.
It is fun to see how their styles match up against each other.If you want to see if you like kung fu movies, this is a good movie to start with.
It doesn't get any better than this.
when i saw the movie at first i thought that it was boring because nothing was happening but when all the scary things started to happen like when church dies and is brought back to life and also gage and his mom die and there idiot dad has to bring them back to life even though he nows the warnings and ignores Jud.this is not Steven kings best work.
i thought that his best work was the shining.
i don't think that people who see this movie and comment on how awful it was are wrong because all they think is that what were they thinking.
as if that person can do a better job in making a horror flick.
i mean making the gage evil and how he kills Jud is genius.
making the most innocent most unsuspecting character into one of the killers is cool.
people who didn't like the movie are dumb because all it is a scary movie and nothing all.
don't expect something from a movie that it isn't.
it still in a general area wasn't that good.
i still recommend people to watch the movie
I first watched the Walking Tall movies when I was about 8 years old and I thought both Joe Don Baker and Bo Svenson did a great job, they must have anyway because since watching the movies, I have tried to learn as much about the real Sheriff Buford Pusser as I can.
All 3 parts of the movie gave me chills and Buford Pusser was a true hero, I only wish he were alive today and that there were more people like him.
I would love to thank him for getting rid of all the crime and being so brave.
I am very sorry that his family had to go through such horror and pain.
My heart goes out to them.
So from a 30 year old fan of Sheriff Pusser and of the 3-part Walking Tall movies and the actors that portrayed him, please do not be negative about these movies and actors, they were only trying to let us know what a wonderful man the real Buford Pusser was and what a great family he had.
And to all the young people who may have not heard much about Buford, I suggest you watch the Walking Tall movies and learn more about him.
Hard to believe, perhaps, but this film was denounced as immoral from more pulpits than any other film produced prior to the imposition of the bluenose Hayes Code.
Yes indeed, priests actually told their flocks that anyone who went to see this film was thereby committing a mortal sin.I'm not making this up.
They had several reasons, as follows:Item: Jane likes sex.
She and Tarzan are shown waking up one morning in their treetop shelter.
She stretches sensuously, and with a coquettish look she says "Tarzan, you've been a bad boy!"
So they've not only been having sex, they've been having kinky sex!
A few years later, under the Hays Code, people (especially women) weren't supposed to be depicted as enjoying sex.Item: Jane prefers a guileless, if wise and resourceful, savage (Tarzan) to a civilized, respectable nine-to-five man (Holt).
When Holt at first wows her with a pretty dress from London, she wavers a bit; when Holt tries to kill Tarzan, and Holt and Jane both believe he's dead, she wavers a lot.
But when she realizes her man is very much alive, the attractions of civilization vanish for her.
And why not?
Tarzan's and Jane's relationship is egalitarian: He lacks the "civilized" insecurity that would compel him to assert himself as "the head of his wife".
To boot, he lacks many more "civilized" hangups, for example jealousy.
When Holt and his buddy arrive, Tarzan greets them both cordially, knowing perfectly well that Holt is Jane's old flame.
When Holt gets her dolled up in a London dress and is slow-dancing with her to a portable phonograph, Tarzan drops out of a tree, and draws his knife.
Jealous?
Nope.
He's merely cautious toward the weird music machine, since he's never seen one before.
Once it's explained, he's cool.Item: Civilized Holt is dirty minded.
Savage Tarzan is innocently sexy.
As Jane slips into Holt's lamplit tent, Holt gets off on watching her silhouette as she changes into the fancy dress.
By contrast, after Tarzan playfully pulls the dress off, kicks her into the swimming hole and dives in after her, there follows the most tastefully erotic nude scene in all cinema: the pair spends five minutes in a lovely water ballet.
(The scene was filmed in three versions--clothed, topless and nude--the scene was cut prior to the film's release, but the nude version is restored in the video now available.)
And when Jane emerges, and Cheetah the chimp steals her dress just for a tease, Jane makes it clear that her irritation is only because of the proximity of "civilized" men and their hangups.
Where is the "universal prurience" so dear to the hearts of seminarians?
Nowhere, that's where.
Another reason why the hung up regarded this film as sinful.
Item: The notion that man is the crown of creation, and animals are here only for man's use and comfort, takes a severe beating.
Holt and his buddy want to be guided to the "elephant graveyard" so they can scoop up the ivory and take it home.
They want Tarzan to guide them to said graveyard.
You, reader, are thinking "Fat chance!"
and you're right.
He's shocked.
He exclaims "Elephants sleep!"
which to him explains everything.
Jane explains Tarzan's feelings, which the two "gentlemen" find ridiculous.
Item: Jane, the ex-civilized woman, is far more resourceful than the two civilized men she accompanies.
Holt and buddy blow it, and find themselves besieged by hostile tribes and wild animals.
It is Jane who maintains her cool.
While the boys panic, she takes charge, barks orders at them and passes out the rifles.Item: Jane's costume is a sort of poncho with nothing underneath.
(The original idea was for her to be topless, with foliage artistically blocking off her nipples, which indeed is the case in one brief scene.
)Lastly, several men of the cloth complained because the film was called "Tarzan and His Mate" rather than "Tarzan and His Wife."
No comment!Of course, Tarzan, who has been nursed back to health by his ape friends, comes to the rescue, routs the white hunters, and induces the pack elephants and African bearers to return the ivory they stole to the sacred place whence it came.
The End.So there you have it.
An utterly subversive film.
Like all the other films about complex and interesting women (see, e.g., Possessed with Rita Hayworth and Raymond Massey) which constituted such a flowing genre in the early 30's and which were brought to such an abrupt end by the adoption of the Hays Code.
The joie de vivre of this film is best expressed by Jane's soprano version of the famous Tarzan yell.
A nice touch, which was unfortunately abandoned in future productions.Let's hear it for artistic freedom, feminist Jane, and sex.
In Brooklyn a century ago, the rivalry between Chuck Connors and Steve Brodie and their competing volunteer fire brigades leads to Brodie's famous bet that he can jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.
This is a story which will be familiar to a lot of people through a Bugs Bunny spoof, "Bowery Bugs" from 1949.This generally very enjoyable film would probably be more widely available if it were not for the notorious and unsettling scene involving some Chinese tenement dwellers -- a time capsule of antediluvian racial attitudes, giving the film a great deal of historical interest, in my view.
I have screened this movie several times here at college, and every time I show it, the number of people watching with me grows exponentially... in addition to the virgins, anyone I've already shown it to NEEDS to see it again!
It takes a little while to get into it, but by the end the whole room is screaming, shouting, yelling, rewinding scenes repeatedly, repeating dialogue, and just totally and completely engrossed in the moviegoing experience that is Pia Zadora in "The Lonely Lady"!
Scene after scene after scene of the most ineptly filmed, poorly written, horribly acted TRASH is thrown at you in an all-out assault that ranks as the campiest thing I own (no small statement, friends).
For me nothing compares 2 U, Pia... and I don't suppose I'm the only one who's ever felt this way!
Kurt Russell is at his best as the man who lives off his past glories, Reno Hightower.
Robin Williams is his polar opposite in a rare low key performance as Jack Dundee.
He dropped the Big Pass in more ways than one.You'll see some of the most quotable scenes ever put into one film, as Jack hisses at a rat, Reno poses, and the call of the caribou goes out.Don't miss this classic that isn't scared to show football in the mud the way it should be played.
This, along with "Hare Tonic," ranks as one of the best Bugs cartoons, indeed one of the best Bugs, ever.
There are some comments about how Bugs in these cartoons is "basic," meaning, I guess, that he is as yet not fully developed.
I actually prefer this "basic" version from the mid-40s (Chuck Jones' was the best version) who is actually more rabbit-sized and far more amusing than the eventual long-legged version who towered over Yosemite Sam and Daffy Duck.
The latter-day Bugs came to be too suave and sophisticated for my liking.
Also check out "Hair Raising Hare" (1946) and "Rabbit Punch" (1948) for great examples of classic Bugs and classic Chuck Jones.
I don't think I've really ever given Walter Matthau his due as a comedic performer.
He's certainly been wonderful in plenty of lighthearted roles, but I guess I always put his success down to his characters' grumpiness and ruthlessness, a gruff contrast to the flamboyant personality of his frequent co-star Jack Lemmon, and, I suppose, a natural extension of his earlier work in dramatic pictures.
Watching Gene Saks' 'The Odd Couple (1968),' adapted from a popular Neil Simon play, the realisation suddenly clicked: Matthau is, in his own right, absolutely hilarious!
Initially striking the audience as filthy, crude and generally unappealing, his Oscar Madison eventually manages to worm his way into our hearts, culminating in a hilariously overplayed confession of emotions that Matthau rasps out in a voice not entirely his own.
At the same time, while holding his own as a comedian, his interplay with Lemmon is, of course, pitch-perfect; indeed, the film rightly belongs to both actors, who have never failed to light up the cinema screen by themselves, let alone together.Calling to mind Billy Wilder's screenplay for 'The Apartment (1960),' this Neil Simon comedy builds itself around around a rather morbid premise.
Compulsive house-cleaner Felix Unger (Lemmon), having just been evicted by his wife of twelve years, attempts to commit suicide, but fruitlessly abandons the idea after he wrecks his back trying to open the hotel window.
Dejected, he arrives at the house of good friend Oscar (Matthau), a divorced slob who lives alone on a diet of potato crisps and green sandwiches (that might contain either very new cheese or very old meat!).
Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to stay, but is soon overwhelmed by his friend's finicky personality and constant insistence on absolute cleanliness.
The pair form an unusual sort of marital arrangement, with Felix assuming the role of the effeminate and constantly-nagging wife, and Oscar as the sloppy, unappreciative husband who always comes home later than he's supposed to.
This is a marriage that barely lasts three weeks, and, by the end of it, we can completely sympathise with Felix's ex-wife, who remains unseen.
'The Odd Couple' is a terrific comedy, most of all because it has a lot of heart.
For all their arguing, it's obvious that the two roommates have plenty of affection for each other, most movingly seen when Felix tries to launch into a furious tirade, instead  perhaps inadvertently  ending up informing Oscar how "tops" he his.
The pair's four poker buddies (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are also constantly badgering each other about some obscure annoyance, but you can't deny that they've got the best of intentions.
Their decision to treat Felix as though nothing has happened to him may have sounded fine in theory, but maybe being ignored wasn't quite the correct solution to Felix's gloomy feelings of inadequacy and inconsequentiality.
Unlike some comedies based on popular stage plays {I was recently disappointed by Wilder's 'The Seven Year Itch (1955)}, this film doesn't simply strike at the same chord throughout, and the relationship between the two leads is progressively developed, through tears, laughter and much disagreement.
Great movie when I saw it.
Have to say one of my favorite movies of all time.
I saw it like 8 times in the theater and got the DVD.
As I got older and saw it again I realized that the movie is average.
Compared to movies that are known ad good comedys, this is nothing.
I mean Rock was hilarious in the movie and the whole switching with the racial stuff breaks a little barriers which is great.
Also the thought of how the movie goes is a nice way of thinking.
It's like most thought of a movie but also a little twist which is a very nice touch.
I like the movie overall so i give it a...Still a good 7/10 for me.
Cillian Murphy and Rachel McAdams star in this action/thriller written and directed by the master of suspense, Wes Craven, himself.
The whole movie starts with some trouble at The Lux Atlantic, a hotel in Miami.
The problem is all fixed by Lisa Reisert, the manager of the hotel.
Then she goes to the airport, and that's where all of the trouble begins.
She meets Jackson Rippner, who doesn't like to be called Jack because of the name Jack the Ripper, if you know you him and I mean.
Then they board the plane, and crazy enough, Rippner and Reisert sit next to each other.
For the next half-hour, Lisa is terrorized, tormented, and terrified by Rippner.
I won't give anything away.
Then we move on to where Jack is chasing Lisa in the airport.
Then Lisa goes to her house to see if her father is okay, and crazily enough, Rippner is already there.
There is nearly twelve minutes of violence and strong intensity throughout that entire scene.
In total, about 25 minutes of intense action comes at the end.Not only was the movie intense but it had a great plot to it.
Like I said, I will not give anything away because it's so shocking and thrilling and somewhat disturbing/frightening.
And the acting from every single character in the movie, even the ones with no lines at all, were all pitch perfect.
It was incredible.
Everything was awesome in this movie!
The acting, the music, the effects, the make-up, the directing, the editing, the writing, everything was wonderful!
Wes Craven is definitely The Master of Suspense.
Red Eye is definitely a must-see and is definitely worth spending your money on.
You could watch this movie over and over and over again and it would never ever get boring.Red Eye I have to say is better than 10 out of 10 stars.Original MPAA rating: PG-13: Some Intense Sequences of Violence, and LanguageMy MPAA rating: PG-13: Some Very Intense Sequences of Violence, and LanguageMy Canadian Rating: 14A: Violence, Frightening Scenes, Disturbing Content
Obviously, there wasn't a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production.
But the story and ending were so brutal that they made up for a lot.
I mean brutal on the level of Ju Dou and other (great) Chinese films.
I first saw this when I was 14 years old, I ran home and begged God to forgive me for everything...
hi I'm from Taft California and i like this movie because it shows how us little town people love our sports football is the main thing in Taft and this movie shows just how important it is i personally think they should make another one but instead of actors use us kids to play the games well show you our determination we've beat Bakersfield every game for the past 6 years and since I'm a senior next year its my last chance and then its college we've had running backs lead the state and I'm next if you want to know me I'm kyle Taylor and i average seven to eight yards a carry and about five times a game ill break away on a 75 or around that yard run so check us out at our website and go to our sports page bye
Elmer Fudd is laughing while lounging in his easy chair and reading his comic book, his dog comfortably nearby sleeping in front of the fireplace.
All is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by.
(The flea is dressed in a farmer's-type outfit with a big sombrero and is carrying a satchel with the name "A. Flea" on it.)
He gets out his telescope and spots the dog.
(We see a big shot of the dog's butt and the flea whistles in excitement, screaming "T- Bone!"
He then sings, "There's food around the corner; there's food around the corner!
")That sets up the storyline of this cute-but-obnoxious flea tormenting the poor dog.
The mutt is hilarious as he reacts to the flea.
The drawings of his huge teeth chomping right next to the fleeing flea are clever and the dog's dialog made me laugh out loud a few times.
This might be the funniest canine I have ever seen in a cartoon!
The poor pooch, under a threat of having to take a bath, as to NOT react when the stupid flea causes him pain.
It's almost painful to watch as the flea uses pickaxes, jackhammers and the like on the dog.
He puts firecrackers in the dog's behind.
It's brutal!
A beautiful piece of children's cinema buried in a world of archaic Celticism.
Setting the story around the famous Book of Kels, believed to have been comprised by monks from the small island of Iona, off the western coast of Scotland.Telling the tale of a young abbots apprentice who goes off into the forest in search of Crom-Cruic, the fierce headless horseman of pagan mythology.
In hopes of recovering a lost artefact.The films true beauty lies in its' animation.
Cell shaded in a bright and inspirational style of deep complexity resulting in a look of seem less simplicity.
Deriving much from the artistic style of the brilliant Cartoon Network series 'Samurai Jack' for its genius use of mark making and background depth, The Secret of Kels creates a consistently affective Celtic world living under the shadow of Viking invasion.The history may be intensely inaccurate and the ways of life portrayed lacking realism but these facts are utterly irrelevant as the film sets itself in a world of fantasy and Celtic-revivalist mysticism.
The girl of the forest is a wonderful addition and in my opinion makes the picture what it is, as she glides from branch to branch.
Appearing and disappearing like a mysterious nymph with qualities resembling the legendary Cheshire Cat from Alice and Wonderland.The Secret of Kels is an absolute treat.
For all genders, all ages, it's a lovely piece of family cinema.Don't expect to be awed but instead pleasantly impressed!
Citizen X tells the real life drama of the search for a serial killer dubbed "The Rostov Ripper" This great film shows the long journey it took to try to apprehend a killer.
The film shows how politics may haver helped the killer to continue his rampage for over 12 years.
(Possibly over 50 victims, mostly women and children) The performances of Stephen Rea as the lead detective and Donald Sutherland as the overall investigation lead was superb.
Jeffrey DeMunn as the Ripper Andrei Romanovich Chikatilo.
This is the type of film which will mesmerize you and immediately have you on the internet researching the real case.
This a film not to be missed.
It debuted I believe on HBO and never did get a theatrical release to my understanding.
Great film
Distortion is a disturbing, haunting film, about life imitating art and art reflecting life.
Haim Bouzaglo, the director of the film, plays the role of Haim Bouzaglo, artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright, who finds inspiration in his suspicions about the subject of his girl friend's documentary.
As an Arab suicide bomber, disguised in skullcap and American t-shirt, wanders through the landscape in search of his target and his nerves, Haim transcribes his girl friend's life as she films her documentary and incorporates himself and his actors' lives during rehearsals.
But the bomber has already struck and Haim has left the restaurant just minutes earlier.
Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is crystal clear, comprehensive and absorbing, a brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of everyday Israeli life, where the political is intertwined with the personal, where everyone lives "on the edge," and people never know whether they are playing leading roles in their own lives or are merely dispensable bit players in someone else's dramatic narrative.Bouzaglo plays with this notion of everyone being an actor in someone else's production brilliantly.
We are always voyeurs, seeing what the fictional director sees illicitly but also what the "real" director chooses to reveal.
To remind us that these glimpses are violations of privacy, Bouzaglo takes us into the bathroom and the bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is the street and rooftop), and repeatedly frames his views within TV, video, or security screens.
Actors play the role of actors who represent the "real" characters played by actors.
Of course, each of the actors is the star of his or her own production, only dimly aware of their diminished roles in their fellow actor's personal films.
The detective hired by the playwright becomes a character in the play.
The actor hired to play the role of the detective seeks out the detective for "tips" on how to play the role, is caught by the detective on surveillance tapes, and they attend a cast party as their real selves.Despite this multiplicity of views, there is no mistaking the clear lines of this narrative: the playwright searches for subject matter, the bomber seeks a target, and the detective stalks the filmmaker.
Nor is there any difficulty locating Bouzaglo's ultimate targetenervated and impotent Israel, fully conscious of the threatening peril but incapable of meaningful action.
Israel is Bouzaglo, the impotent fictional playwright cannibalizing his own life for his play.
Israel is also the bankrupt soldier-entrepreneur who is the subject of the filmmaker's documentary, the cheating actors and actresses, and the cuckolded husband.
They are all Israel because they are all helpless, caught in inaction or aimless action, as the bomber scans the landscape for his best target.
All the characters can do as another bombing is reported is have sex and keep "score" of victims.There is personal triumph, vindication, perhaps revenge at the end of this play within a story within a film, but viewers will be left aching for the state of Israel even as they are filled with admiration for Bouzaglo's memorable rendition of a nation's plight within the telling of an individual's story.
I'm not a John Cleese completist (although I thought "Fawlty Towers was brilliant), but I am a fan, and when I saw this sitting, neglected, on a shelf at my local Blockbuster, I decided to give it a try.
What I got was a wonderful surprise, and one of the funniest 50 minute viewing experiences I've ever had.
The writing is typical English "goon show" schtick.
In fact, as an audio skit, this wouldn't be out of place on a "Firesign Theater" album.
But the execution and timing is spot on and this elevates "Strange Case" into the kind of jaw-dropping performance that can create lifelong British comedy fanatics.
The Brits have a gift for combining broadly satirical lampoons with closely observed "tics" of character and timing, and the creators use both to good effect here.
Cleese's portrayal of "Holmes" seems to owe much to the Arkin's and Seller's "Inspector Clouseau"; however Cleese has such a knack for physical comedy that he more than holds his own.
But the unexpected treat here is Arthur Lowe, who plays "Watson" as an genial but invincibly uncomprehending imbecile with such superb timing and delivery that he becomes the best aspect of the film.
I'd never heard of Lowe before this (his background seems to be vaudeville and musical theater), but he justifies his entire career with this performance as far as I'm concerned.Some people might not care for "Strange Case...", especially if British whimsy isn't their "cuppa tea".
But I am extremely glad I got to see this before it vanished from sight.
I am frankly surprised how little has been done in film on the Columbine Massacre.
There isn't a major documentary, very puzzling.
Fortunately we are graced with the talent of Ben Coccio who directed ZERO DAY, and Gus Van Sant who did the equally fine ELEPHANT.
Two different takes on the event, which have in common the idea that the real cause of the massacre will always be a mystery, that there's something ultimately baffling and unknowable about the motivations of the two killers, and what actually drove them to carry it beyond fantasy into horrible reality.
ZERO DAY, purportedly made up of videotapes made by the shooters and found after the event, is absolutely riveting.
Even if you know where it's going, you still harbor hope that it WON'T "go there" ... and the tension in the final minutes of the movie is excruciating.
The film is terrific from top to bottom, from director to script (not much improvised, though it appears very spontaneous) to the two lead actors, and the supporting players as well.
There is only one aspect of ZERO DAY that troubled me.
Okay, so we can't fathom why the shooters would do what they did, but certainly one of the contributors was their ANGER.
Yet these boys don't really seem angry.
They may say some things to indicate that they are, but in fact they didn't convince me that they had SOMETHING inside them that compelled them to kill innocent people.
But this still leaves me with the sense of "why???"
that director Coccio wants me to have.
Anyway, rent or buy this movie, it will creep up on you and stay with you for a long time.
The BLAIR WITCH folks could only WISH for the kind of success these guys had at making a mock documentary.
If you enjoy Cleese & all the British 'Pythonesque' humour of the time, then this little gem is absolutely hilarious.Arthur Lowe is a real treat!I saw this with friends on TV when it first came out, and its classic quotes have formed a part of our jokes for 30 years, and will do forever!
I have it on tape and it is continually appreciated.Perhaps some reviewers are taking it too seriously.I can't believe it is now only available in the US (NTSC of course), and not in UK, where it should be an essential part of the history of British humour!
!
It sounds a bit awkward to call a film about war and holocaust shocking since many of us will know only too well of the horrors that war and violence brings.
By using the adjective 'shocking' I do not intend to imply that I am surprised about the things told about in this film or that I was formerly unaware of them, it is just that I am very much impressed by the way in which this film shows how crazy and incomprehensibly horrific it is to kill each other off, either with or without a 'reason'.The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in the Hungarian resistance.
Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this performance, due to inconsistent directing, but still her acting is solid enough and she has enormous charisma.
She is cast very well as Hanna and immediately has our sympathy.
Her very beautiful looks help, of course, but that has nothing to do with her being simply a good actress, playing a good part.Certain inconsistencies keep occurring in Hanna's War.
I sometimes get the idea director Menahem Golan (often despised for The Gianni Versace Murder) was in a rush and should actually have allowed a few more takes per scene.
On the other hand, I am very thankful he made this impressive and thought-provoking film and as I am very positive about it, I think he did a good job.The second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic one.
It focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of Donald Pleasence's scary portrayal of the cruel and sardonic captain Rosza) and intensely shows the injustice and horror that comes with hate and violence and war.
I receive Hanna's War, especially the second half, as a strong anti-war film and for that alone Golan deserves credit.
It is also this second half in which Maruschka Detmer's talent comes out, creating a character which goes into film history as one of the most speaking, strong and tragic ever portrayed.
It is also great to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and acting style always remind me of Romy Schneider, who -had she been alive and cast- would have made a similar effective contribution to Hanna's War.The tragic impact of the second half and the desperate tension which is sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news lead to a number of final scenes which show something so unexpected, so moving and poetic in its tragedy that it hit me like a bomb and left me in tears.
And when I realized once more it wasn't even fiction, it all actually happened, I found myself in even more tears.
The image of Hanna portrayed by Maruschka Detmers will be in my mind forever.
I've read most of the comments on this movie.
I have seen this movie(and the whole prophecy series) many times with family members of all ages, we all enjoyed and it just made us meditate on what we already knew from reading and studying the bible about the rapture and end times.
No one got scared or traumatized like I have read on some posts.
The movie is just based on biblical facts.
I have seen a lot of end time movies "Tribulation", "Armagedon" and so on and by far this one is one of the best in presenting bible truths.
It may not have a lot of great special effects like todays movies but I believe it is a good witnessing tool.
This movie and its prophecy series can be seen free at this website higherpraise.com, and judge for yourself.
Blessings to all.
I read so many comments that I, too, shared about remembering this movie and wanting so badly to see it again but I didn't know the name of the movie.
Thankfully, because of doing a search and finding the title on this site, I read the comments left here and realized that this was the movie I remembered.
I then did a search and did find the movie and was so thrilled to be able to watch the movie once more 40 years later.
Because of this site and your comments, you helped me and so I want to thank all of you.
I want to share how I was able to find this movie for all of you who were looking for a copy as well.
It was on the VHS version of Wonderful World of Disney's "Call it Courage" which contained 2 movies, the second one being "The Legend of the Boy and the Eagle."
It touched me now as much as it did 40 years ago and now I own my own copy of it.
I think it is only available on VHS.
I found it on ebay and I have seen several copies of it there.
Enjoy it, I know I did!It is a wonderful story about the love of a boy and the eagle he took care of.
When it was time to sacrifice the eagle, the boy set the eagle free because he couldn't allow it to be killed.
After the boy was forced to leave the tribe for punishment after freeing the eagle, the eagle, too, saved the boy's life and more than that, taught him how to survive.
The closeness that the boy and the eagle shared in the wilderness was so moving and the filming was really remarkable.
What a wonderful era this was.
I have never seen anything come even close to this movie!
I remember following the case of Andre Chicatillo in the newspapers while I was living in South Africa.
They had photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in court.
Not, as it turned out, to protect the court members, but to protect him from the public.
This was fascinating, albeit morbid, reading.
I later heard that a film had been made by HBO about the case, but it was made for American TV.
Bummed!
Strangely, CITIZEN X got a limited cinematic release in South Africa.
I charged down to the local Ster Kinekor complex and duly bought a ticket (I was alone; my girlfriend at the time was only interested in the likes of STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES).
Wow!
What a brilliant film.
Why wasn't it released to a wider audience?
Had it not been made for TV, it could have got an Oscar nomination or 2.
There is no way to spoil the ending; who the killer is is never kept from the audience.
Jeffrey DeMunn portrays a truly terrifying psycho.
He is calm, downtrodden, considered a failure by his wife and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation by his superiors at work.
By committing these horrendous acts, he gets to feel strong, powerful.Fighting to catch him against all odds is a pathologist, played to excellent turn by Stephen Rea, in one of his strongest performances.
He must battle the snail-pace of Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources he has at his disposal and (above all) the refusal by his superiors to acknowledge that the USSR even has a serial killer.
The general in charge (Joss Ackland) says that serial killers are "a decadent, Western phenomenon".
Only Donald Sutherland is willing to help, but his help must be under the counter.
The ever-brilliant Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who breaks protocol and decides to help the investigators in their quest.
It is the first time in Russian history that a shrink is used to build a profile of a serial killer still on the loose, and he has everything to lose if his involvement is made public.CITIZEN X is brilliantly acted, well written and the music and editing only add to the tension and theme of the film.
Excellent support from a horribly underused Imelda Staunton and a real sense of impending doom make CITIZEN X a film worth seeing.
This was too good to be made for TV
Red Eye is a good little thriller to watch on a Saturday night.
Intense acting, great villain and unexpected action.Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking.
Don't worry they pull it off very well with the smart and witty dialog.A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven.
But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.This movies strongest point is its cast.
This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills.
If they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring.
We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers.
Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later.
Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2.The pacing in this film was great.
Just when your thinking its going to get boring they throw a twist at you.
Luckily this isn't a long movie and doesn't feel like it either.
Much better then the other flight movie Flight Plan.Here is my Flight Plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578I recommend.
Not too long and not too shabby.8/10
I don't know what the previous reviewer was watching but I guess that's what reviews are, personal taste.
Missed in this movie was the depth, a very deep film, many layers of emotion, affecting.
Undercurrents of withheld love because of submission to societal beliefs, taboos of the times and classes, race relations not being in a very good state of equality, guilt, yearning, hate, confusion, very dark emotionally I thought, under the skin, you have to submit to the aire of it, a flowing movie, not slow as stated before, release yourself to the flow of the film, the emotions will show themselves, characters reveal their flaws, their nasty insides, excellent and actually very cruel!
There are way too many subjects avoided in cinema and eating disorders is one of them.
This film shows it as it is.
It is not glamourised for the viewers to enjoy, it is shown with real truth which makes it all the more powerful.
I've only seen it once and that was a few years ago but i can still remember everything about it and how it made me feel.
It is a very powerful film and is good support for anyone suffering from a eating disorder to give them the willpower to stop.
This is what films should be about- they should be there to help people and not glamourise things that are wrong.
A great Bugs Bunny cartoon from the earlier years has Bugs as a performer in an window display at a local department store.
After he's done for the day the manager comes in to tell him that he'll be transferring soon.
Bugs is happy to oblige into he figures out that the new job is in taxidermy...and that taxidermy has to do with stuffing animals.
Animals like say, a certain rabbit.
This causes a battle of wits between the rascally rabbit and his now former employer.
I found this short to be delightful and definitely one of the better ones of the early 1940's.
It still remains as funny nearly 60+ years later.
This animated short can be seen on Disc 1 of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection Volume 2.My Grade: A-
Andy Goldsworthy is a taoist master of the first order, expressing the Way through his sublime ephemeral art.
Indeed, time and change is what his work is fundamentally about.
I bought his first book several years ago and my family has marveled at it many times.
So it was a treat to get to know the artist personally through this film, he is just as patient and gentle as you would expect, and has some wonderful things to say about the natural world, the deepest of which are expressed in his occasional inability to say it in words at all.
He is like most children who play in the great outdoors alone (if they do anymore), creating things from sticks and sand and mud and snow before they outgrow it.
Mr. Goldsworthy was given the gift and the mission to extend that sort of play to create profound visions of nature, and to open our often weary eyes to it in brilliant new ways.
And always with the utmost respect, gratitude and humor of a wandering, and wondering monk.
S.S. Van Dine must have been a shrewd businessman in dealing with Hollywood.
Most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios.
But apparently Van Dine must have sold his rights to each book about Philo Vance one at a time.
Note that Paramount, MGM, Warner Brothers, and more all released Philo Vance films.
Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the fashionable detective.
Of course MGM had the screen's original Philo under contract at the time, but Bill Powell was busy doing The Thin Man at the time and I guess Louis B. Mayer decided to concentrate him there.Edmund Lowe is a pretty acceptable Philo Vance.
Lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with What Price Glory and then with a string of films with Victor McLaglen with their Flagg and Quirt characters.
But after McLaglen got his Oscar for The Informer, Lowe seemed to fade into the B picture market.
The Garden Murder Case involves three separate victims, Douglas Walton, Gene Lockhart, and Frieda Inescourt.
The sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator kind of gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.I will say this though.
Vance takes a very big chance in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are worthy of Hitchcock.
Hopefully the score has changed by now due to my brilliant and stunning review which persuades all of you to go and watch the film thereby creating an instant chorus of "8"s, this movie's true score.As mentioned before Chris Rock is The King!
Previous to going to see this movie I wasn't that over the top about him but now I'm banging on the doors of Chris Rock's website begging him to take me on as his protege.
This film is truly funny, if you don't find this movie funny you REALLY need therapy and it's humour which targets all areas of society including race(predictably), class division, love, wealth, employment, dreams, stand up comedy... the list goes on.There was one slight disappointment for me however.
This was that in going into this film I didn't realise that it was actually a remake of "Heaven Can Wait" another quite good movie made in 1971 with Warren Beatty.
As such I was quite surprised when I watched this movie and suddenly the plot began to unravel to be distinctly similar to an older movie I had watched on TV a few weeks ago..
Regardless this movie is in my opinion the better version out of the two of them simply because of the different areas it covers and the fact that Chris Rock is funnier than Warren Beatty any second of any day of any week of any year of any...you get the picture.Well to the actual plot of the film.Don't spoil the experience for yourself!
Don't read the plot!
Just go and watch a movie because there have been two reviews on IMDb so far that have raved mad about it, go see it because it is the funniest thing you would have seen in a long time, go and see it because it's a cinema experience that doesn't leave you grumbling ad nauseum at the cost of cinema tickets.
Go see it because it is a good movie!
OK, this movie is stupid.
I mean that in a good way though.It was stupid on purpose, and was one of the better "stupid" movies I've seen.
The jokes and gags are purposefully bad, but delivered in a way that it struck all the right notes with me.
The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre.
There is a pretty weak plot, but it works just fine.Elvira's character is the focus here.She is lovable and adorable.Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just glows in this movie.On top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly, stunning.
Few men could disagree with that.
The parts that show off her figure were also some of the funnier scenes in the movie.I had a smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.Highly recommended to fans of comedy, and to fans of beautiful women.
I wish they had made a dozen more Elvia movies.
I remember that i was a child when i first saw this movie, it was my first horror movie (maybe that's the reason why i can still remember some parts of it).
I don't remember much about acting, nude scenes or other things but i do remember a male has head blown up with a grenade, a male dismembered over a tree and a male run down by truck and shot in head :) (Todd Schaefer, Kenny Johnson and Kevin McParland).
I also remember the last scene when Jennifer McAllister riped of the killer stomach to get the keys of the truck.
It's a movie that gives you the creep and it's worth a look.
But where do i find it?
How can i download it?
A superb and compelling drama about the hunt for the notorious Russian serial killer Andrea Chikatilo.
Magnificent performance from Stephen Rea as the forensic scientist put in charge of the investigation, who finds the biggest obstacle to his progress is the Russian government, in particular the old communist party members who want to maintain a closed society.The film is has an underlying theme about the decline of the communist society, and progress in the hunt for the killer is reflected by progress in social and political change in Russia, which is subtly put across.
There is a conflict of old ways and new ways, and these are represented by the two viewpoints of Rea's superior (played by Donald Sutherland), and Rea himself .
These are at first polarised, with Sutherland 'high' in system looking down, and Rea 'low' on the ground, looking up.
However, they have a common cause  to catch the serial killer.Throughout the film the relationship between these two develops, and the tension gradually eases until at the end of the movie Rea and Sutherland and Rea and Sutherland have mutual respect for each other, the killer is caught, and Glasnost symbolically comes.
Excellent script.Further credits go to Sutherland's performance, which is superb and sympathetic, Jeffrey DeMunn as the killer whom we despise but can't hate, and Max Von Sydow, who is thoroughly convincing as the humble psychologist who risks his reputation to help.
I had fun watching Red Eye.
It's not a masterpiece, but it's well directed and structured.
Cillian Murphy and Rachel McAdams are perfect in the role.
Yes, it's the same old story with a different setting but Wes Craven gave it a good pace.
At least not another Scream with the usual college killer.
It's nice when you can see a clean, coherent thriller even when originality doesn't stand out as its main character.
Particularly from a film-maker like Craven that has brought so many innovative ideas to the thriller and horror genre in the past and that now just lends himself to bringing home what could have been a good TV movie had it not been released theatrically.
Good job!
-A very pretty red headed woman waiting for her plane meets a charming young man that she connects with.
As the two get on their flight and sit next to each other the young man Jack becomes deadly as he threatens Lisa to either change the room that a politician and his wife will be staying in, or else have her father die.
See now that's what you happens when you fly coach, stuff like that never happens in first class.-Other than having a conflict that takes place on a flight, the other thing that this movie shares with "Flightplan" is the sheer unbelievability *if that's a word* of the story.
The point of the whole is to get the main character to change a politician's room so he can be assassinated which is a pretty plausible plan, but won't it have being easier for Jack to just find someone that was computer savvy and have them hack into the hotel's system?
Teenagers today can damn near do anything with computers, so I'm pretty sure it would have been easier for him to simply get someone to change it using a computer instead of going through the trouble of spying on Lisa and getting her into the predicament that she lands on in the movie.-Plus one thing that struck me as odd was how no one on the plan heard a single thing they were talking about.
This is a very small plane were talking about here and since their voices were raised occasionally it seems to me like the other passengers should have heard something.
But I'm 100% sure that I'm reading way too much into it.
The movie is meant to be as realistic as an episode of "24" so one can't be perplexed by such complexities.
For all my complaints though, this is still a very fun movie that gets the job done.
It's not exactly the type that requires to shut of your brain, but at the same time it doesn't require great intelligence to fully enjoy.-I'd love to sit here in my comfy chair and rave about the brilliant acting in the movie but really I can't.
I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy, and I like Brian Cox, but they don't really stretch their acting muscles here.
It's not really much of a problem since this isn't the movie that studios hope to win multiple awards and the acting isn't the least bit horrible, just not great.
Wes Craven isn't exactly the first that comes to mind when you think of a movie like this, but he does a very nice job considering the time they had to film the movie and the lack of depth to the script.
It was definitely a huge improvement over the disappointing "Cursed" and as much as I liked him doing something different with this movie, I still would love for him to go back to doing what he did in the past which is great horror movies that is talked about decades after it's release.-One nice thing about the movie which I really appreciated was just how short the movie was.
It is great to sit and watch a nice three hour or so movie once in a while, but nowadays it's like every movie that comes out feels too long, where as this movie just felt like the right length.
Not too long, and too short.
They don't waste time by trying to develop the characters too much because they know this isn't the movie for that and by doing so they made a very nice short movie.
Being a huge film music geek, I have to say that the best part of the movie is the ultra cool score by Marco Beltrami.
It's really nice to see Beltrami go from writing the predictable stuff to the great music he's doing now.
I really the cool techno/orchestral stuff he does for the main titles.
Too bad that I can't find the soundtrack anywhere, would have really loved to listen to the titles anytime I wanted instead of having to pop in the DVD when I want to hear it.-Overall It's nice for what it is and whiles it's far from great cinema, should still provide for some small entertaining hour and a half
This German documentary, in English, is about a Scottish environmental sculptor named Andy Goldsworthy.
He makes art from objects he finds in nature.
For example, early in the film we see him taking sections of icicles and "gluing" them together with a little moisture into a serpentine shape that seems to repeatedly go through a vertical rock.Of course, the icicles melt, but that transience is a part of most of Goldsworthy's work.
He goes to a site and gets a feeling for it, deciding intuitively what to make that day.
He talks of having a "dialog" with the rocks and other materials that he works with, attempting to work *with* rather than against them.
It might be stones, or flowers, or leaves, or sticks.
The sculpture might last for minutes or years, or might not even last long enough to be completed and photographed.
The work seems to be more of a process than a goal.The film, and the work, is beautiful, inspiring, and thought provoking.
It moves pretty slowly, which is appropriate for the material, but you should be sure to go when you have had a good night's sleep.
But do go if you have the opportunity.Search the web for some other pages about Andy Goldsworthy or to read about his local sculpture at Stanford University.
There are also several books available with photographs of his sculptures.My thoughts: Skip reading this part if you want to find what this film means to you completely independently.
I recall a couple of ideas that occurred to me while watching the film which I thought I would share for those of you still reading.
First, the transitory nature of much of Andy Goldsworthy's work reminded me of the natural ebb and flow of human life.
We're born, we live, and eventually we die.
That's natural, and that's also naturally a part of Goldsworthy's art.The other thought was to be awestruck with the way that Goldsworthy has managed to integrate his passion and his work so thoroughly into his life.
Most of us have work which is tolerated at best, a life which we hardly notice living, and passions which we really mean to spend more time on, if we even remember what they are.
Andy Goldsworthy has managed to create an amalgam of all of these aspects of his life that looks like it works very well, and is nourishing for him and those around him.
Wow.Seen on 8/28/2002.
This movie is probably for you.
It had an overall meditative quality from the music, to the beautiful photography, and listening to the often cliché things about life that Andy Goldsworthy would say as he worked or in between shots.
If you're familiar with Buddhism- that is the sort of the sense I got out of this film.
The impermanence of life, the beauty of nature, the interconnectedness of all things, etc.
However, what I did not understand, confused, and ultimately forced me to leave without finishing (I saw over an hour of it) was the redundancy of the whole thing.
You only find out bits and pieces of why he's commissioned, and how he can even afford to live off of this kind of work.
The art work comes alive but all his talking with no conclusions leads to dead ends.
Despite the patronage of George Lucas, this captivating and totally original fantasy in "Lumage" (a combination of animation through live action cut-outs) is about as far removed from the usual kiddie fare as anything made by Ralph Bakshi in his heyday.
Brilliantly conceived characters such as the shape-shifting dog Ralph (one of a duo of bumbling, rejected heroes), Synonamess Botch (the hilariously foul-mouthed villain) and Rod Rescueman (the pompous novice superhero) breathe life into a uniquely clever concept: Frivoli vs. Murkwood or, the eternal fight between dreams and nightmares.
In this context, the MOR-infused songs on the soundtrack ought not to have worked but somehow they do.
It's a real pity, therefore, that I have had to watch this via a truly crappy-looking boot (culled from a TV screening) of the uncensored version  there is also a milder variant that toned down the language for its VHS release  since the film is otherwise unavailable on DVD.
Interestingly, both Henry Selick and David Fincher worked on this picture in subordinate capacities.
There are people claiming this is another "bad language" ultra violence Mexican movie.
They are right, but more than that this film is a call to create awareness of what we have become.
The awful truth hurts, or bores when you already have accepted the paradigm of living the third world as the only possible goal.
One of the most important things of "Cero y van cuatro" is the open invitation to profound reflexion over our current identity.
Is that what we all are?
Is that all that we want to be?
I am abroad and I realized how spoiled is the Mexican society when the Tlahuac Incident came to light.
I still cannot understand viewers witnessing a mass broadcasted murder.
I nearly puked when I saw some of the images.
It was not Irak or Rwanda, just a tiny village near Mexico City when rampage was carried out with the indulgence of media and government.
The recreation of a similar situation in this film shocked me deeply.
The other stories were good portraying other situations of corruption, dishonesty, betrayal and violence, but I consider "Tamales de Chivo" the best one.The movie is deeper than some "cabrón" and "pendejo" screams.
Those are meaningless compared with the actions of the people.
With a few exceptions they are all perfect examples of human rubbish.
Just like in real life honesty is becoming more the exception than the rule in our country.
Moreover, honesty is only rewarded miraculously.
I really think that people are taking the wrong approach at this one.
First of all, I find this short-film very entertaining and interesting.
I just take it for what it is.
I think the suspense and mystery are ingenious in their insinuation upon the watcher.
One other thing that caught my fancy was that it immediately gets the viewer involved even though there is no clear story, just hints and pauses and emotions played out by the characters that kind of give you the impression that there is a story to all that is going on.
No-one else could have done that better than Lynch.
This is the essence of lynchianism at its best.
Sure, I will agree with anyone that people that start viewing this with the desire to be entertained without any really imaginative work from the viewer's side, will find themselves disappointed.
And in good right.
Lynch is not about that.
At least this side of Lynch is not.
The one that helped make Lost Highway/Mulholland Dr. is at full tilt here and people that just expect to be entertained like they would watching anything else, will just not get what this is all about.
My opinion is that Darkened Room is all about messing with your animal-core, your instinctual self, by giving you the means (image, sound, situation) by which you instinctively react.
It's not about pleasure of any kind, it's about getting the desired reaction out of you.
And, that, my friend, is pure art.
I've seen this film literally over 100 times...it's absolutely jam-packed with entertainment!!!
Powers Boothe gives a stellar performance.
As a fan of actors such as William Shatner (Impulse, 1974) and Ron Liebmann (Up The Academy, 1981)I never thought an actor could capture the "intensity" like Shatner and Liebmann in those roles, until I saw Boothe as Jim Jones!
As far as I'm concerned, Powers Boothe IS Jim Jones...this film captures his best performance!!
!
I find this movie the best movie I have ever seen, because it reflects the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war.
The movie is impressive, not least because it actually happened.
It reminds me of the story of Anne Frank.
Just given the fact that it is based on the most infamous mass suicide incident of modern times would have been enough to give this 2-part 1980 made-for-TV film attention.
But the fact is that it is a superb recreation of the life of the Rev.
Jim Jones, who built a church into a virtual empire, and then encouraged it to disintegrate into a sleazy cult in which a Congressman and his entourage were assassinated, and 917 cult followers committed suicide by drinking Kool-Aid doused with cyanide.Done very tastefully but horrifying enough, unlike the excruciatingly sadistic CULT OF THE DAMNED, GUYANA TRAGEDY features an all-star cast, including Ned Beatty (as Rep. Leo Ryan), Meg Foster, Randy Quaid, Brad Dourif, Brenda Vaccaro, LeVar Burton, and Madge Sinclair.
But it is Powers Boothe (in his first big role) that really stands out as Jim Jones.
He actually BECOMES the man, and his performance is riveting and chilling.
Thus, it is no wonder that this film still manages to attract attention after more than twenty years.
Go see this movie for the gorgeous imagery of Andy Goldsworthy's sculptures, and treat yourself to a thoroughly eye-opening and relaxing experience.
The music perfectly complements the footage, but never draws attention towards itself.
Some commentators called the interview snippets with the artist a weak spot, but consider this: why would you expand on this in a movie, if you can read Andy's musings at length in his books, or attend one of his excellent lectures?
This medium is much more suitable to show the ephemeral nature of the artist's works, and is used expertly in this respect.
I remember the original series vividly mostly due to it's unique blend of wry humor and macabre subject matter.
Kolchak was hard-bitten newsman from the Ben Hecht school of big-city reporting, and his gritty determination and wise-ass demeanor made even the most mundane episode eminently watchable.
My personal fave was "The Spanish Moss Murders" due to it's totally original storyline.
A poor,troubled Cajun youth from Louisiana bayou country, takes part in a sleep research experiment, for the purpose of dream analysis.
Something goes inexplicably wrong, and he literally dreams to life a swamp creature inhabiting the dark folk tales of his youth.
This malevolent manifestation seeks out all persons who have wronged the dreamer in his conscious state, and brutally suffocates them to death.
Kolchak investigates and uncovers this horrible truth, much to the chagrin of police captain Joe "Mad Dog" Siska(wonderfully essayed by a grumpy Keenan Wynn)and the head sleep researcher played by Second City improv founder, Severn Darden, to droll, understated perfection.
The wickedly funny, harrowing finale takes place in the Chicago sewer system, and is a series highlight.
Kolchak never got any better.
Timeless.
My favorite movie.
What a great story this really was.
I'd just like to be able to buy a copy of it but this does not seem possible.
If you're looking for a Hollywood action packed kid-flick with the common bad language and violence this may not be the film to sit down for.
If you're on the other hand interested in watching a film with youre children that has actually some values like showing the importance of friendship and truth this is the film to watch.
Looking at the program guide this is obviously what millions of other viewers have found.
Not many low-budget independent films have ever been aired as much as Mr. Atlas.
The film is actually very funny as well as warm hearted and shows some beautiful locations masterfully captured by the sharp eye of the obvious brilliant cinematographer Suki Medencevic.
Also if you're interested in looking at a muscular fellow with good looks the ladies can get an eye full.
Let's support those who make good childrens film buy buying their videos and watching their products on TV.
Enjoy
This is a quirky little movie, and I have to agree that there is some quirky acting in it as well.It follows the adventures of a young man who decides that he wants to become a famous Las Vegas illusionist, and is partly about following his dream, partly about the dreams of others, and all about the travails of showbiz.
I thought the movie was charming, and it has a moment or two of real magic that make the whole thing worthwhile.Alan Arkin is terrific as the magician who never was, and his mentoring of Max makes for a funny and touching relationship.Not for everyone, probably, but if you like movies about the journey, then I think you'll like this one.
Powers Booth is hypnotic as cult leader jim jones who led his Peoples Temple followers from 1953 until 1978 when he led them in a mass suicide in 1978 where over 900 died.
A very well done movie which may seem a little dated due to the 70s time period but well worth the time 8 of 10
This film is stunningly beautiful.
Goldsworthy's art really benefits with the medium of film because you can see the art at its most beautiful, moving and changing and blossoming.
I strongly recommend this movie to everyone.
I can think of nothing else to say about it.
It's just the kind of movie you HAVE TO see, because it's so visually compelling and left me very refreshed when I left the theatre.
Greetings again from the darkness.
Insight into the mind and motivation of a wonderful artist.
How strange for most of us to see someone who MUST work... no matter the conditions, else his reason for living ceases.
To see Goldsworthy's sculptures come alive and to see his reaction to each is extremely voyeuristic.
This artist creates because he must - not for money or fame.
It is his lifeforce.
When you see his failures, energy seems to expel from his body like a burst hot air balloon.
It is not the dread of beginning again, it is that he takes his energy from his work.
Watching him create just to have nature takeover and recall his work is somewhat painful, but nonetheless, breathtaking.
He discusses flow and time in the minimal dialog and there appears to be little doubt that the artist and the earth are one in the same.
When he says he needs the earth, but it does not need him ...
I beg to differ.
Only complaint is the musical score seems to slow down further a pace that is relaxing at best.
I also just got back from an advanced screening of Redeye and I must say I haven't had so much fun at a movie in a long time.
WES CRAVEN is at his best ever.
He brings us an amazing end of summer thriller I was so desperately craving.
This is THE thriller of the year..no doubt.
All the actors are amazing and the action is realistic and fun.
The F/X were great.
It steadily built suspense.
I was on the edge of my seat most of the movie.
It's been a while since I heard an audience cheer and clap and get excited in a theater.
If your looking for thrills,action and a GOOD plot this summer, REDEYE delivers.
Go see it!
One of the most unheralded great works of animation.
Though it makes the most sophisticated use of the "cut-out" method of animation (a la "South Park"), the real talent behind "Twice Upon a Time" are the vocal characterizations, with Lorenzo Music's (Carlton from TV's "Rhoda") Woody Allen-ish Ralph-the-all-purpose-Animal being the centerpiece.
The "accidental nightmare" sequence is doubtless one of the best pieces of animation ever filmed.
We saw this at one of the local art movie theaters in the Montrose area of Houston, TX.
It was a total surprise compared to the write-up in the theater's newsletter but we were both blown away by the artistry.
It was beautifully done and (apparently) photographed in a schloss (German name for château) somewhere in the Munich area.
It is a very explicit exploration of the sexual relationships of a group of twentyish men and women isolated from the day-to-day constraints.
It is fantastic on more levels than I can remember.
We came home after the movie and talked and talked until about 4 am the next morning.The version we saw was in English (mostly) so there must be at least two versions since the first reviewer saw the movie in (probably its original) German version.
I searched and searched for a video tape version but never came up with anything.
Would absolutely love to have a VHS or DVD version of this.
It explores relationships at a fundamental level and is also a great tutorial on how to relate to your partner.
If anyone knows the writer/director, please convince him to release again, preferably on DVD these days.
I cannot even imagine getting tired of watching the candid performance of the actors who are now probably all in their forties.
Please, please bring it back.
I remembered seeing this movie when i was a kid one day on the wonderful world of Disney.
This movie has been in my memory for over 30 years and I have been looking for it.
I would have to say that out of all the kids movies I saw back then,, this one stuck out more than all of them and after only seeing it once, I really hoped I would get to see it again.
The story and images of this movie have been burned into my memory.
To this day, I never did see it after that day back in the 70s, in fact, I never remembered the title until an internet search earlier today disclosed it to me.
I loved it and want my kids to see it.Does anybody know where I can find it?
I grew up with H.R.
Pufnstuff and the dashingly talented Jack Wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of Jack Wild too.
This movie is exactly what movies should be: fun and entertaining.
This movie is not limited to children either.
A lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and Witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to miss.
The music in this movie suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass beautifully.
And as a Jack Wild fan, I would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing.
Knowing the hard life that Jack had now makes this movie even more wonderful especially when he sings the opening song "If I Could".
It makes me pause in loving adoration for him for giving me wonderful childhood memories that I am now passing on to my children.
Let's all go to Living Island where there is friendship and fun!
And keep Jack Wild's memory alive by passing Pufnstuff on to others.
This is such a great film!
Never mind the low rating here.
I really have no idea where that came from, they must be discussing a different film then.
Because I absolutely loved it and found it to be a little hidden treasure.
It's story was so original and charming..
I really can't think of anything bad to say about it.
Maybe it has to be ''your type of thing'', but, I saw this with my sister and my mother, and we all were taken by it.
The acting was also very good, and that is hard to do in a film like this.
But I found all the characters very intriguing and sympathetic.
I've always been very fond of Dougray Scott and found his new ''dark'' role very interesting.
It is really awful hard to get me to like a bad guy, but I absolutely had no problem with that this time.
Even more so, I adored him.
Everyone who loves a good thriller/drama that also has a good dose of love and tragedy should definitely go see this film, no question about that!
Anyone wanting to see a film with 80% bloodshed, should go rent something else, though..
But I guess the title already kind of gives that away.
This is a love story, not Saw 3.I give this film 4 out of five stars!!!
Good job!!
!xxx Enjoy!
I still liked it though.
Warren Beatty is only fair as the comic book hero.
What saves this movie is the set, the incredible cast and it offshoots a mediocre script.
I really expected something more substantial in the terms of action, or plot but I got very little.
The main reason to watch this movie is to watch some of the biggest stars in Hollywood at the time in such an unusual film.
The one person who did a terrible job and did not even belong in this film was Madonna.
She did not belong in this movie and her acting job was pretty bad.
The movie at some points just stood still.
You expected something more and you got nothing.
Al Pacino plays a really bad dude and he does pretty good.
He and Beatty do make an excellent good guy and bad guy.
It is also interesting to see Dustin Hoffman, and Warren Beatty in a film other than Isthar.
I did not see Ishtar but I heard bad things.
The thing about this movie is it is good, but it could have been so much better.
I liked it as a child because I thought it looked cool, and visually the movie is amazing, the sets are incredible, the writing is only fair, and with such a cast in the movie I would expect a little better anyway.
SPOILERI especially thought the finale was not big enough.
It was interesting but for such a grand scale film I just thought it could have ended with a little more of a bang.
The reason to watch this movie is the atmosphere.
The movie only uses the 7 comic book colors making it all that more excellent visually anyway.The costumes and makeup were flawless as well.
The facial makeup for the villains was great.
Beatty is just not up to such a bigger than life character.
Still, this is a good movie that could have been much much more.
It is to me better than Batman, the other comic book adaptation that came out close to the same time.
Of course that movie was much bigger in terms of gross.
This movie is one for the ages.
First, I have to say after seeing this once, it became one of my all-time favorite movies.
Why?
Simple; Ben Coccio (writer, director)has put together a true piece of art.
Where 99.9% of movies these days are purely entertainment, director Ben Coccio gives us truth, gives us reality, gives us a learning tool to know why this happened.
The mainstream media spins and spins but Ben Coccio looks school shootings right in the face, able to go where no other form of media has EVER gone before, into the minds and hearts of two young men planning to kill their classmates.
While it surely is graphic and horrifying, how couldn't it be?
The gloves come off, the lies and the sugar coating of our media masters is brushed aside and we are taken to a place where we can find truth in what happened.
Sometimes it isn't just a screw loose like everyone likes to think, no, sometimes hatred and isolation are deeper, are more human, we are shown that these boys are us and we them.
Society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real.Respect and love your fellow man.
A lesson we all should learn, thank you so much for making this film Mr. Coccio, I hope with great anticipation that you will continue your film-making career.
Those who love Elivra as I did in her late night movie hostess duties will love this movie - she is just plain cool - her car is great, and she is a bit of a Transylvanian Dolly Parton - she is so innocent and naive at times - and sexy all of the time - plus, more than a touch of Mae West -The sets are well done as well, and the comic cast is great, with Edie McClurg at her usual best - plus Sally Kellerman as Patty is hilarious.
Any time I have to crunch something for a topping, I will think of how Elvira crunches the potato chips -This movie is one to be watched again and again - just for the fun of it.
Now I have to get the sequel to it, Elvira's Haunted Hills, and see if it lives up to this one ----
As always, controversial movies like this have mixed reviews.
You either love it or you hate it, and not everyone will like this movie.
This shows the perspective of the killers, which is something I personally feel is something important to consider.
You may hate them, you may claim to understand them and feel as though you can relate, but regardless this movie will make you think about school shootings from a different perspective.The movie is shot entirely using a hand-held camera, something that I think works quite well as it makes it more realistic.
It is told completely from the killers point of view, from their "missions" to family outings, all leading up the big day "Zero Day" in which they are planning on a massacre at their school.
Zero Day does not offer answers, but merely presents a glimpse at the lives of two troubled young boys and lets the audience decide for themselves.
Our feelings towards the boys are something mixed between sympathy and hatred, but yet we are left confused as to why two ordinary young boys would do such a thing.
They are shown to be surprisingly normal, typical teenage boys leading ordinary lives, and if we didn't know what they were planning we wouldn't expect a thing (They make it clear throughout the whole movie that no-one else knows about their plan)The acting is extremely good considering the two actors are complete unknowns.
We can only hope to see more work from the both of them in the future.
Despite how this is a fictionalized movie, one cannot help but notice the obvious similarities to Columbine.
Calvin and Andre are scarily similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, (not so much in looks, but in manner) As someone who has researched Columbine very extensively, I could see the similarities and it is almost certainly based on it.
The actual massacre is shown through surveillance cameras at the school and is one of the most chilling things I have ever seen.
I was completely in shock after seeing it, and its a feeling that stays around for a while.
It is very realistic and well-done, and it is very difficult to watch.All in all Zero Day is an excellent movie, and I think everyone should at least check it out.
In the past, we have always simply branded killers "psychopaths" and assumed that either they were biologically wired for disaster or had media influence, but as Zero Day shows sometimes the motives are deeper than that, and we can never truly understand why tragedies such as school shootings happen until we have seen it from the perspective of the killers.
For a mature man, to admit that he shed a tear over this film is a mature response, to a mature film.If one need admit more then perhaps one could say that, "Life" can never be the same, after viewing such advent for it has moved us to the next level.
Bob Clampett's 'An Itch in Time' milks seven minutes of crazy action out of a very small premise.
Elmer Fudd tells his dog that if he scratches himself just once more that he will be given a dreaded bath.
Unfortunately for the dog, a relentless flea makes it all but impossible to stop from scratching.
The cartoon switches between the flea's progress inside the dog's fur and the dog's desperate attempts to cope with it.
In a great sequence that really captures the frustration of an itch that can't be scratched, the dog changes colour from brown to blue to red to polka dotted to plaid!
It sounds ludicrously surreal but it perfectly evokes the indescribable feeling of an itch in a way only Clampett could.
There are several other elements which make 'An Itch in Time' pure Clampett.
There's the grotesque concept itself, which leads to some graphic scenes of the flea munching on the dog's flesh.
There's the unrestrained violence that rears its head in any scene featuring the cat.
Most notably, there's the dirty jokes including a huge shot of the dog's behind which causes the flea to wolf-whistle and a hysterical sequence in which the dog attempts to scratch himself by dragging his backside along the floor.
He momentarily breaks off to address the audience: "Hey, I better cut this out.
I may get to like it"!
With a very limited concept, Clampett manages to make 'An Itch in Time' a unique, minutiae-based cartoon.
Like an early episode of 'Seinfeld', 'An Itch in Time' is practically about nothing but very funny with it.
The reason why people say that this movie scared them is because it did!!
That means the movie purpose was felt by a few who did see it.
When I first saw this Movie it scared me and made me think about life and religion.
This is not a blood and gore scary type movie, but the kind that you would think that it may be possible for things to happen the way the movie was written.
Of course non believers will say its only a sci-fi movie.
Truth is, this movie is a must have for your thriller collection, even if it does have a religious view.
If you are a fan of classic thrillers (Omen..etc) this is one of them and its a must have.
I never saw the sequel (Distant Thunder), but I believe it picks up where this movie ends.
This movie i have been dying to see.
Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it.
It was completely worth it.
This movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end.
Chris Rock is funny no matter which movie he is in.
However, this should come real close to being his greatest.
If ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u can't pass over.
The magnetism radiated from Elvira, drawing her legions of devoted admirers, has a primordial quality.
With her lengthy, well-toned figure, large-bust, innocuously mischievous attitude and grab-bag lexicon of me-generation valley slang, the character of Elvira has a universal and timeless appeal.
As an aspiring folklorist and an individual deeply interested in the structure of storytelling, it is evident that the Elvira persona has certain archetypal elements that help to make the character more than the sum of her corny one-liners and large chest.
As initiated from the manner in which the children of the town react to her, she represents the deep adolescent fantasy for an experienced woman whom can connect to them of their level: a strange mixture of one-dimensional romantic yearning, boyish sexual craving and the desire for non-threateningly lighthearted fun.
She symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boys and a source of strength for the girls of the town.
The other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons.
In the end, however, her film cannot move pass its more campy ingredients.
The end result is that while Elvira is infinitely interesting, her film is limited by how weak a showcase it is for her talents.
Nearly everything is tailored to an adolescent mindset and although it is a straightforward comedy, only those who can still process information with the mind of a young person will be able to enjoy the nonsense.
Fortunately, I have such ability and found the film to be a delightful charmer.Best Quote: Bob Redding: How's your head?
Elvira: I haven't had any complaints.
Since was only a toddler when this show originally aired I just recently picked up the DVD set and am wishing there were more episodes filmed.
This show was a 70s version of the poplular 90's TV series "X-Files"- but with a bit more of a comedic/light hearted approach.
But don't get me wrong, some of these episodes have full on horror themes, many in which have some pretty greuesome plots (left to the imagination of course- this was the early 70s television).Some of the plots where a bit silly as well as the acting, but that is the charm and attraction to this series.
Whether you like mystery crime dramas, comedies, or sci-fi/horror themes, this series brought all that together.
Each episode clocked in at around 50 minutes or so (1 hour with commercials) and that 50 minutes goes by quick always leaving me wanting more.
A great classic show that is underrated in my book!
Kolchak is sheer entertainment.
Great stories and a great cast and nothing else to weigh it down.
Darren McGavin gives an energetic performance that pulls the audience along with him.
Simon Oakland, Jack Grinnage and Ruth McDevitt give McGavin the kind of solid support that most leading actors can only dream of having.
Some excellent guest stars add colour and verve to individual episodes - Erik Estrada in Legacy of Terror, Phil Silvers in Horror in the Heights, Antonio Fargas in The Zombie.
It's easy to see how a boyhood spent watching Kolchak drove Chris Carter to create The X Files.
Darren - RIP.
Simon - RIP.
Ruth - RIP.
It has been so many years since I saw this but I do feel compelled to defend this gem against those who lambast it.It is interesting and unusual to observe the diversity of opinion here.
That is what humour does I suppose.
It is subjective.
It either charges through your funny bone at 60,000 volts or it leaves you cold and wondering why you gave it the time.This show has some of Britain's best comic actors put together in a story that is silly and irreverent and the outcome is hilarious.
The dialogue and visual comedy is beautifully delivered and the two leads (Cleese and Lowe) are superb together.
This was made for them.I can't really say anymore other than to implore you to find this and watch it.
You won't be disappointed and in a world devoid of genteel humour, this is a classic inane and harmless piece of comedic brilliance.
"In April 1946, the University of Chicago agreed to operate Argonne National Laboratory, with an association of Midwestern universities offering to sponsor the research.
Argonne thereby became the first "national" laboratory.
It did not, however, remain at its original location in the Argonne forest.
In 1947, it moved farther west from the "Windy City" to a new site on Illinois farmland.
When Alvin Weinberg visited Argonne's director, Walter Zinn, in 1947, he asked him what kind of reactor was to be built at the new site.
When Zinn described a heavy-water reactor operating at one-tenth the power of the Materials Testing Reactor under design at Oak Ridge, Weinberg joked it would be simpler if Zinn took the Oak Ridge design and operated the Materials Testing Reactor at one-tenth capacity.
The joke proved unintentionally prophetic.
"The S-50 plant used convection to separate the isotopes in thousands of tall columns.
It was built next to the K-25 power plant, which provided the necessary steam.
Much less efficient than K-25, the S-50 plant was torn down after the war.Concerned that the Atomic Energy Commission research program might become too academic, Lilienthal established a committee of industrial advisers, and during a November visit to Oak Ridge, he discussed with Clark Center, manager of Carbide & Carbon, a subsidiary of Union Carbide Corporation at Oak Ridge, the possibility of the company assuming management of the Laboratory.Prince Henry (of Prussia) Arriving in Washington and Visiting the German Embassy (1902).
Evidently, with Prince Henry of Prussia according to the principles of science and its dangers their were already concerns with the applications of new science with military applications.
The Hohenzollern (1902/II), "Kaiser Wilhelm's splendid yacht at the 34th St. Pier, New York.
Taken at the exact moment of Prince Henry's arrival, and the raising of the royal standard."
If Royalty knew of these necessary precautions to citizen welfare then what was the necessity of the warfare WWI and WWII.
The quality of management control I presume?Thus, did the commandos of Operation Swallow volunteer for a military mission, or a business plan, based on the security principles of Laboratory management?
Because supposedly their were no survivors, and the ones who were caught in Europe ordered to be executed.
Of the 400 man commando team the survivors who were captured were executed under orders of the German Army against subversion, and espionage acts of the State of Germany.
The Führer No.
003830/42 g. Kdos.
OKW/WFSt, Führer HQ, 18 Oct. 1942, (signed) Adolph Hitler; Translation of Document no.
498-PS, Office of U.S. Chief of Counsel, certified true copy Kipp Major, declassified DOD 5200.30 March 23, 1983, reproduced at the U.S. National Archives.The OSS Society® 6723 Whittier Ave., 200 McLean, VA 22101
An American in Paris is a wonderful musical about an American painter living in Paris for inspiration.
He meets a rich woman who admires his paintings on the street and she believes she can get his work to be even more popular to the public, e.g.
in a museum.
Golden Globe nominated Gene Kelly as the artist Jerry Mulligan is just perfect at both singing and especially dancing.
He also meets the main girl Lise Bouvier (Leslie Caron) who is engaged to his best friend.
He can't help his feelings for this girl, even after he finds out who she is engaged to.
Filled with nice romance and wonderful song and dance, this is a very good musical film.
It may drag slightly with his dancing dream sequence, i.e.
The American in Paris ballet, but there is a good happy ending.
It won the Oscars for Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, Best Cinematography, Best Costume Design, Best Music, Scoring of a Musical Picture, Best Writing, Story and Screenplay and Best Picture, and it was nominated for Best Director for Vincente Minnelli and Best Film Editing, it was nominated the BAFTA for Best Film from any Source, and it won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture - Musical/Comedy, and it was nominated for Best Director for Vincente Millenni (Liza's father).
Gene Kelly was number 66 on The 100 Movie Stars, and he was number 15 on 100 Years, 100 Stars - Men, "I Got Rhythm" was number 32 on 100 Years, 100 Songs, the film was number 9 on 100 Years of Musicals, it was number 39 on 100 Years, 100 Passions, it was number 68 on 100 Years, 100 Movies, and it was number 58 on The 100 Greatest Musicals.
Very good!
While watching this movie I was frustrated and distracted and by the end, I wanted to give the movie a solid 4 or 5.
I thought the animation was random and all over the place and there was too much going on.
Even my A.D.D couldn't keep up.
It felt like a slight acid trip.
Everything looked flat, there was no dimension to anything.
There were so many shapes, lines and patterns.
I really wanted to stop the movie mid-way and smash my burned copy of this movie.
But after I finish watching it, I went online to read up on the movie and I should have done a little research into this movie before watching.The Secret of Kells is loosely based on the true story about the original Book of Kells.
A small boy, Brendan, is given the task of penning new pages in what is set to be the greatest book ever written.
This book will contain information that will help "change darkness into light."
Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind huge stone walls.
Taking place in the 8th century, Brendan's uncle, the Abbot of Kells, is trying to build the wall to keep the Vikings out.
Brendan's uncle insist he help complete the wall, but a traveler and keeper of "the book" secretly trains Brendan to hone in on his illustration skills, and convinces him to complete "the book" and carry out it's word.The entire time I watched the movie I thought I was missing something because I didn't really understand what was going on.
I figured I was just missing a piece of Irish history.
A simple Google search taught me all I needed to know about the original Book of Kells.
After reading many articles, my opinion of the movie greatly changed.The Book of Kells is a copied version of the first few books of the New Testament transcribed into Latin by Gaelic monks in Ireland in the 8th century.
Along with it's paleographic and insular script, the book is also beautifully illustrated in insular art, a type of early art form know for it's intricacy, complexity, and miniature illustrations.
Much of the art in the Book of Kells is depicted as lots of art was at the time, flat and dimensionality challenged with no perspective.
But what makes the Book of Kells stand out from other early pieces of art is it's use of many colors.The Secret of Kells is very colorful.
I originally thought the animation was flat and boring.
It reminded me a lot of the cartoon Samurai Jack which also had a flat and "amine" look to it.
Once I learned about the art styles of the Book of Kells, it's obvious that many of the styles from the book are mimicked in the movie.
There are lines and swirls and various shapes that inhabit Brendan's mind.
Whenever he goes into his imagination, circular shapes resembling the sun, cogs, clocks and wheels begin filling the screen.
The edges of the screen become framed in decorated moving triangles or circles.
Transitions are filled with color, and Celtic knots.
From the trees to the floors, many things in this world are covered in shapes or patterns.Clocking in at 70 minutes minus credits, The Secret of Kells is a fun little history lesson with a little adventure and silliness thrown in to keep people (maybe just children) interested.
I think one has to generally be open-mined to The Secret of Kells as half art piece, half movie about history.
Despite looking like it was animated with Adobe illustrator, It's a very nice looking movie.
But based on the 20 films submitted for Oscar consideration, I don't think it was worth being nominated over Mary and Max.ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
The surprise nominee of this year's Best Animated Feature race at the Oscars.
It's an Irish film by heart, but it was co-produced by Belgium and Brazil, with, I'm guessing, animators working in all three countries.
The product is one of the most beautiful and unique films in recent memory.
The character design is a little reminiscent of the French animated film Persepolis from a couple of years back, with very simple characters with thick, black outlines.
This film is not in black and white.
Oh no.
What makes this film great is its use of color, simply some of the most outrageous and startling use of colors I've ever seen.
The general design of the pictures is also a lot more geometrical, with characters who are basically rectangles or ovals.
Much of the film can be spent playing find the circle - a major aspect of the visual design is a circle in the center of the image.
All of these geometrical designs have a purpose - the story is about a young boy who is learning to be an artist working on illuminated manuscripts (the Book of Kells is a real illuminated Bible; the art of the film is based on the drawings in it).
The story of the film isn't especially deep, but it's a pretty good fantasy tale.
Brendan is a young boy in Kells, a city surrounded by enormous walls, built by his uncle to keep out Vikings.
A newcomer to Kells, Brother Aiden, inspires Brendan to take up illustrating.
He also inspires him to do things like leave Kells and explore the nearby forest, within which lives a nymph.
Bruno Coulais provides a fantastic score, almost as good as the one he did for Coraline, which I consider the very best of the year.
This tender beautifully crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being.
The irreverent pupils, the life embittered bus driver and the teachers personalities present a subliminal debate as the story unveils.
The adult characters all seem familiar, my teachers, my bus driver, each one of their opinions so plausible and well known.
When a key incident happens on the bus we are sent on a circuit of viewpoints.
All the time the babble of teenage energy is only just kept under control by the organisers of the trip.
Mr Harvey is experiencing much pain throughout .
He reminds me of war damaged teachers I did not understand when I was an irreverent pupil.Rhidian Brook and the producers deserve much acclaim for this well shaped British film.
The acting unblemished, the scenes appropriate, it should be widely available yet does not seem to have been given the right opportunity.
Tripping Over.
I must say at first I was a little disappointed in the first few episodes, but having faith in the show, and Abe Forsythe's unquestionable talent, I continued to watch.
I can safely say I'm now glad that I did.
The story did develop quite well, and all the characters have a strong base, and most don't have any information missing.The only thing I can fault in this production is the somewhat annoying voice and pronunciation possessed by the character Lizzie.Some good acting coupled with a stellar plot really gets this show over the line.
Here's to hoping for another season!
"Against All Flags" is every bit the classic swashbuckler.
It has all the elements the adventure fan could hope for and more for in this one, the damsel in distress is, well, not really in distress.
As Spitfire Stevens, Maureen O'Hara is at her athletic best, running her foes through in defiance of the social norms of the period.
Anthony Quinn rounds out the top three billed actors as the ruthless Captain Roc Brasiliano and proves to be a wily and capable nemesis for Brian Hawke (Flynn).
For the classic adventure fan, "Against All Flags" is a must-see.
While it may not be in quite the same league as some of Errol Flynn's earlier work (Captain Blood and The Sea Hawk, for instance), it is still a greatly entertaining romp.
This is a great movie to see with your girlfriend.
My friend and I both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store.
We had to get it.
With no violence and such a warming story its a great movie to relax to and just enjoy your night.
I would recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie.
A new way to enjoy Goldsworthy's work, Rivers and Tides allows fans to see his work in motion.
Watching Goldsworthy build his pieces, one develops an appreciation for every stone, leaf, and thorn that he uses.
Goldsworthy describes how the flow of life, the rivers, and the tides inspires and affects his work.
Although, I was happy the film covered the majority of Goldsworthy's pieces (no snowballs), I do feel it was a bit long.
The film makers did a wonderful job of bringing Goldsworthy's work to life, and created a beautiful film that was a joy to watch.
Some of the best movies that are categorized as "comedies" actually blur between comedy and drama.
"The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid", which were made also in the late 1960's are perfect examples.
Are they comedies with dramatic undertones, or dramas with a lot of humor?
In many respects, "The Odd Couple" falls into this same category of being both comedy yet highly dramatic with deep underpinnings about human nature.
Much of what happens may be funny to the audience but the characters are not laughing.Despite the rather light-hearted TV show of the 1970's, the original "Odd Couple" is not merely about a neat guy and messy guy who are forced to live together because of their marital situation.
It's really about two opposites who must face why their marriages fell apart and how their detrimental idiosyncrasies reveal themselves outside of their marriage.
Neatness, the characteristic of Felix Ungar (Jack Lemon perfectly cast) and messiness, the characteristic of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), are only the beginning and somewhat superficial.
As the story unfolds, we find there is a lot more to these men than simply neatness versus messiness.Briefly, the story is really about Felix Ungar, who has to face an impending divorce from his wife Francis, who we never meet but is an important character throughout the story.
On the verge of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: the apartment of Oscar Madison where a group of poker buddies hang out every so often.
We learn that Ungar is not only a member of this "poker club" but the group knows what's happening to him and try, in their inept way, to help out.
Madison figures the best way to help Ungar is to let him move in with him until his suicidal tendencies wear off.Unfortunately for Madison, he doesn't know what he's getting himself into.
Madison is a carefree happy-go-lucky if rather irresponsible slob who's refrigerator was last cleaned probably when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House.
Madison's idea of serving snacks is grabbing moldy cheese and sticking them in between two pieces of bread, and then throwing the contents of a bag of chips on the table.
On the other hand, he enjoys booze and women, in short having a good time.
Ungar is not only altogether different, he is diametrically opposite.
He is not only an obsessive neatness nut that finds more joy in disinfecting the apartment than meeting women but he knows more than most women do about cooking and fine eating.
At one point, he calls his ex-wife, not to talk about reconciling, but to get her recipe for meatloaf.
At another moment, Ungar was going to spend the rest of the evening cutting cabbage for coleslaw.
When Madison seems unimpressed, Ungar finally confesses he was only doing it for his roommate because he can't stand coleslaw.
Who is this guy?
But he has another endearing trait: Felix is also a hypochondriac.
He obsesses about his health to the point where he makes strange noises in public places claiming he's helping his sinuses.
He seems to have every health condition in the book.
And if they made up more, Felix would probably have them.
Ultimately, he is overly self-absorbed.Running throughout the movie are references to marriage.
At one point when Madison is trying to convince Ungar to move in, he says, "What do you want, a wedding ring?"
But little does he know that it is not the neat guy who can't deal with the messy guy, but the other way around.
Their friendship becomes an inadvertent hellish relationship.
And the climax occurs when Oscar invites two lonely British sisters for a get-together with both comedic and tragic results.
This is one of the best comedies of its type ever written and not to be missed, with superlative performances by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon in roles that are hard to imagine better played by anyone else.
It is unfortunate that writing of this caliber is sadly lacking from most comedies being produced today.
I always follow the Dakar, so when my husband bought Charlie's 'Race to Dakar' DVD home I couldn't wait to watch it!
Of course we'd seen the broadcast of the race when the actual race was on, but that never gives the background and specific teams.If you watched Long Way Round then you won't be surprised by the language which frankly I find more amusing than offensive.I think the only thing that annoyed me about the DVD was Charlie's hair, but he had it styled before Dakar so my feminine need for neatness was assuaged; tho' I could have lived without the 'flame' undies lol As with LWR, the preparation was every bit as interesting as the race itself.
I nearly cried when Charlie broke his hand, and winced at every bruise he sustained while training....and of course the death of Andy Caldicott...that was an appalling tragedy, but then every year there's something.Russ drives me nuts, although his attitude has improved a thousand times from the argumentative cynic he was in LWR.
It's great to see him get along so well now with Charlie.What I learned from this odyssey was - 1. never let Scorpion prepare your vehicle for ANYTHING!
- they had months to prepare the X5, and still the day before the team left for Lisbon, Scorpion had only done half of things that needed to be done, and the vehicle was a pain throughout the whole race; 2. the Dakar organizers need to put a lot more work into their rider/driver retrieval plan - leaving Matt (and presumably a large number of other riders/drivers out to dry the way they did was nothing short of culpable negligence; 3.
Charlie has an endearing enthusiasm for 'rough and tough' adventure but needs to toughen up a lot to really perform as he'd like; and finally, 4.
Charlie and Ewan are planning another of these epos called the Long Way Down in 2007, and I can't wait to get my hands on it!
:D If you love bikes and/or genuinely nice blokes 'having a go', you have to watch this, I guarantee you love it.
It's very entertaining.In conclusion, to Simon Pavey - you sir are a hero, I was so impressed by the your 'quiet achiever' manner and the fact that you actually finished.....just incredible considering what an monumentally difficult race it is.
And to Charlie, Matt and the rest of the team - full marks for pulling it off.
To think that a relatively green team could have achieved so much is truly admirable.
You're all wonderful.
Here's another film that doesn't really need much of a recommendation.
It's a classic comedy, very funny and entertaining and which, of course, ultimately inspired a successful television series which many would say was even better (I enjoy both, personally).
For some, it's hard to warm up to Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Unger and Oscar Madison when they were were weaned on the TV show starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman (or perhaps vice versa).
But what we've got there in both cases are four good actors who in real life seemed so much like their film counterparts that they managed to make these characterizations their own.
It's Neil Simon's humorous material that's key, and where the laughs really originate from.For those who have somehow never heard of THE ODD COUPLE, it's the story of a neurotic and fussy neat-freak (Lemmon) who is thrown out of a 12-year marriage by his long-suffering wife and takes up residence in the Manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy (Matthau).
Pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely funny predicaments.
William Hurt may not be an American matinee idol anymore, but he still has pretty good taste in B-movie projects.
Here, he plays a specialist in hazardous waste clean-ups with a tragic past tracking down a perennial loser on the run --played by former pretty-boy Weller-- who has been contaminated with a deadly poison.
Current pretty-boy Hardy Kruger Jr --possibly more handsome than his dad-- is featured as Weller's arrogant boss in a horrifying sequence at a chemical production plant which gets the story moving.
Natasha McElhone is a slightly wacky government agent looking into the incident who provides inevitable & high-cheekboned love interest for hero Hurt.
Michael Brandon pops up to play a slimy take-no-prisoners type whose comeuppance you can't wait for.
The Coca-Cola company wins the Product Placement award for 2000 as the soft drink is featured throughout the production, shot lovingly on location in a wintery picture-postcard Hungary.
There's a theory of time that posits that all the moments that ever existed and will exist, actually exist right now.
It's a bit too much to wrap your head around, but perhaps a bit of a comfort to those who wish they could go back to a simpler time and place.
For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), that time was twenty five years earlier, the mid 1930's when her youth and glamor held the greatest promise.
For my part, if I could travel through time, it would be back to the 1950's when I grew up.
Maybe to a place like Willoughby, but that's another episode.One thing that wouldn't be so special about 1959 would involve dealing with all that clunky machinery just to watch an episode of "The Twilight Zone".
How many reels do you think it would take to catalog the entire series, and then find a particular story you wanted to watch?
I guess you have to consider the trade offs, convenience versus simplicity, having it right now or taking the time to spool it up to the exact spot where the story begins.
Popping in a CD has it's advantages.I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling would pen a story that so closely resembled "Sunset Boulevard".
Ida Lupino's character mirror imaged Norma Desmond just a bit too closely to be considered an original concept.
Martin Balsam portrays very much a similar character to Erich von Stroheim, the husband turned butler who's loyalty is unquestioned.
Where the story diverges has to do with the way Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) challenge Barbara Jean to get with reality and clear the cobwebs that paralyze her existence.Fortunately for us viewers, Ida Lupino had no such reservations about taking parts that were 'not big, but a nice showcase'.
It's a real treat to watch any episode of "The Twilight Zone" and get to see who pops up from days gone by.
Sometimes you get a two-fer, like you have here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes made their mark before the series began, and sometimes after.
Combined with the stories that the program produced, it's not surprising that they still manage to entertain so well today.
Based on Neil Simons play of the same The Odd Couple tells the story of best friends Felix Unger(Jack Lemmon)and Oscar Madison(Walter Matthau)who end up sharing Oscars massive bachelor pad after Felix tries to kill himself.He had a big row with his wife over his obsessive compulsive cleaning sprees and weird phobias and sends her a suicide telegram.She calls Oscar and lets him know what happened.Felix turns up at Oscar's during his weekly poker game with their friends Vinnie(John Fielder)Murray the policeman(Herbert Edelman)Roy(David Sheiner)and Speed(Larry Haines).After some side splitting hysterics it's agreed Felix will stay with Oscar.The rest of the film centres on how these two are such completely different characters.As well as looking at if Oscar can stand Felix's truly weird and unique habits and cleanliness and if Felix can stand Oscar being such a slob and his laid back attitude to everything.
Really a film about two complete opposites living together and the joys,highs,lows and necessity of the gift that is friendship.With great acting an intelligent and very funny script and the great Monica Evans and Carole Shelley as the British Pigeon sisters who Oscar invites over for a double date.This one is guaranteed to make you laugh every line is priceless and Jack and Walter are fantastic with a great chemistry.Also made into a successful and equally funny TV series with Jack Klugman as Oscar and Tony Randall as Felix.
The Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy fashions natural materials into ephemeral artworks, assembling rocks into egg-shaped cairns, filling riverside rock-pools with fiery flowers and stitching thorns and twigs into intricate web patterns.
An original work and a few photographs of his other creations are tucked away in a corner of Southampton art gallery (near where I live), but although I found these pieces intriguing, I only realised the wonder of Goldsworthy's work when I was lucky enough to catch a re-screening of Rivers and Tides.Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by a beautiful instrumental soundtrack by Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by showing the artist at work.
The opening scene captures him fusing icicle fragments into a snake-like thread set atop a tree-stump.
Working with his teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy crafts a beautiful, ephemeral work.
Before long this delicate sculpture melts away to nothing in the brilliant Nova Scotian sunlight.
This scene is among the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and inventiveness of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable.
Reidelsheimer shows both the successes and the failures, capturing the frustration of pieces that collapse before they are completed as well as the glory of those that shine, even if for just a few hours, minutes or seconds.Goldsworthy himself provides the narration, speaking slowly but thoughtfully about the themes in his work.
He makes plain his need to work with nature, to be alone in it and to further his understanding of it through trying to work with natural materials, even when they seem to be working against him.
At times he is down-to-earth and humorous; at other times he struggles for the words to express his purpose  something which is quite understandable when witnessing his astonishing work first hand.
The 'Rivers and Tides' of the title become increasingly pertinent as we see the natural materials pass through the artist's hands, flowing from one form to the next.
The capture of the creation and dissolution of Goldworthy's work is in itself a striking piece of art.Although Goldsworthy works with widely varying materials and covers territory across North America and Europe, the presentation of artworks one after the other in this film is exhausting; it gave me the same feeling of fatigue that I get when I spend too long in an art gallery and struggle to take in anything new.
A brief interval in which we are introduced to Andy's family and hometown is all that breaks the long succession of his artworks.
Nevertheless, Reidelsheimer does a superb job in photographing Goldsworthy and his creations, locating them in their wider environments, from meandering Canadian rivers to rainy Scottish hillsides.
Fittingly, the film ends with Goldsworthy casting handfuls of earth and snow into the sky.
Fleeting patterns emerge from the dust particles even as they dissipate into the air; this is the purest expression of the beauty to be found in the work of this remarkable artist.
This is the Neil Simon piece of work that got a lot of praises!
"The Odd Couple" is a one of a kind gem that lingers within.
You got Felix Ungar(Jack Lemmon); a hypochondriac, fussy neat-freak, and a big thorn in the side of his roommate, Oscar Madison(Walter Matthau); a total slob.
These men have great jobs though.
Felix is a news writer, and Oscar is a sports writer.
Both of these men are divorced, Felix's wife is nearby, while Oscar's is on the other side of the U.S. (The West Coast).
Well, what can you say?
Two men living in one roof together without driving each other crazy, is impossible as well as improbable.
It's a whole lot of laughs and a whole lot of fun.
I liked the part where when those two British neighbors that speak to both gentlemen, and after Oscar kicked out Felix, he gets lucky and lives with them when he refused to have dinner with them the night earlier.
It's about time that Felix needed to lighten up.
I guess all neat-freaks neat to lighten up.
They can be fussy, yet they should be patient as well.
A very fun movie, and a nuevo classic.
Neil Simon's "The Odd Couple" is a must see classic movie.
5 STARS!
Down To Earth is the best movie!!!
It is SO funny, and it's really sweet too.
It has a good plot and it's unique.
It isn't like those movies that are all the same with the similar story lines, and it's not all comedy and no story.
This movie also has a very good ending.
To all the reviewers on this page, I would have to say this movie is worth seeing.
So It was made in 1972, so what.
The fashion in the movie was exactly the same fashion of its time.
People who didn't study culture of the decades would think that this movie is a cheese ball.
Compared to the modern series, `Left Behind,' (Which is made for our time right now) it does look cheezy.
However, the only cheezy part of the movie is the fashion, which again was over 30 years in the past.
BUT.
The message that is sent in this film is very powerful, and carefully preserved.
There is just so much to say, but I refuse to say it.
(for fear of spoiling it) So go out and see this film!
If you don't like the message that it sends, then you have issues, that need some attention!
Imagine being so hampered by a bureaucracy that a one man spends 8 year's of his life, and has a mental breakdown trying to solve a mass murder case virtually by himself!
The murder technique is clear, but a government unwilling to admit the truth let's a monster destroy dozens of lives.
When I think my job is stressful, I merely remember the true story behind this wonder flick.
The devotion to duty of the main character was masterfully portrayed by Rea.
The comic (and almost tragic at times) relationship between Rea and the Sutherland character made this one of my favorite movies of the last 5 years.
The catching of one of the worst mass murderers in history had me on the edge of my seat.
While not nearly as well advertised and talked about as "Silence of the Lamb's", the plot was just as suspenseful.
Rent or buy this movie today!
I first saw this absolutely riveting documentary in it's initial release back in 2001,and it really had a profound effect on me, so much that I bugged several of my friends to see it with me on repeat screenings.
The bottom line:none of my friends walked away disappointed (ever!).
This stellar film is about Scottish conceptual artist, Andy Goldsworthy,who creates some absolutely beautiful pieces of art using natural materials (wood,water,flowers,rocks,etc.
)to create pieces that eventually return to their natural form (a statement in the temporary state of everything?).
We get to see Goldsworthy create several works of temporary art,as well as some of his long term installations in major galleries around the world,as well as a few pieces in the natural world,as well.
German film maker,Thomas Riedelsheimer directs,photographs & edits this meditation on the creative process that is a real treat for both the eye & ear (with an ambient musical score,composed & performed by Fred Frith,who's music is generally edgy experimental/noise textured guitar,as well as a capable ensemble of musicians).
Although this film has been available on DVD for some years now,if you can find a cinema that is highlighting a revival of this fine film,by all means,seek it out (it's easily a film that was composed for the large screen,with a proficient sound system to truly experience this film the right way).
No MPAA rating,but contains nothing to offend (unless the live birth of a sheep on screen is destined to offend or disturb)
Spoiler This movie is about such a concept.
Williams will go to any low in order to replay the football game that haunts his life.
Russel plays the ex jock who peaked in high school.
Finally the under dog get its shot, and Williams can save face, instead of being the clown.
A great reverse tragedy.
7/10
Zero Day leads you to think, even re-think why two boys/young men would do what they did - commit mutual suicide via slaughtering their classmates.
It captures what must be beyond a bizarre mode of being for two humans who have decided to withdraw from common civility in order to define their own/mutual world via coupled destruction.It is not a perfect movie but given what money/time the filmmaker and actors had - it is a remarkable product.
In terms of explaining the motives and actions of the two young suicide/murderers it is better than 'Elephant' - in terms of being a film that gets under our 'rationalistic' skin it is a far, far better film than almost anything you are likely to see.
Flawed but honest with a terrible honesty.
Great entertainment from start to the end.
Wonderful performances by Belushi, Beach, Dalton & Railsback.
Some twists and many action scenes.
The movie was made for me!
Funny lines in the screenplay, good music.
Dalton as the tough sheriff and Railsback as "redneck-villain".
I must recommend this film to every action-adventure fan!
10/10
I would say for it's time, this movie was awesome...and yes if you have no desire to become a Christian, then why bother watching it.
I saw this movie after I had already been saved and found it to be very moving.
I see now they have taken these movies to another level and have created the Left Behind series...they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people.
I think in order to actually judge this movie, you should see it,,,there are 3 or 4 of them in the series if I am not mistaken...don't use our comments to judge, see the movie for yourself!!
God will bless you if that is why you are watching them.
Weak scripts at times?
Yep!
Cheesy special effects at times?
Yep!
Deliciously guilty pleasure most of the time?
Yep!
More about Carl Kolchak and Darren McGavin?
Yep!
I always enjoyed science fiction as a kid, but found so much of the Dracula/Frankenstein/Mummy/horror stuff as just so much crap.
It took Abbott and Costello to give me a new perspective on the classic Universal monsters, and it took Carl Kolchak to win me over to the "dark side" of entertainment.
The Duke had Rooster Cogburn, Eastwood had Dirty Harry, Garner had Maverick and Rockford, Selleck had Magnum, and Darren McGavin had Carl Kolchak.
Mixed in with all those weak scripts, cheesy special effects, that baroque group of supporting characters and actors and guest stars, there was Darren McGavin as Carl Kolchak.
He had a wry sense of humor in spite of the danger, was an idealist in his pursuit of the truth, and a realist when it came to accepting the obligatory incompetence and eventual cover-up by government officials.
Additionally, unlike 98% of us, Kolchak was willing to stick his neck out and do what needed to be done, even if it meant his demise, the end of his journalistic career, or jail time.
For all his faults, including no taste in clothes, Carl Kolchak was a man of charm and wit who drove a beautiful classic yellow Mustang (which was an old used car at the time) on his way to save the day for humanity.
As good as any other fictional hero Carl Kolchak was the everyman hero brought to life every week for one season thanks to Darren McGavin.
Now that he's passed on and his show is on DVD, I hope he's having as much fun watching me watch him have fun playing Kolchak The Night Stalker all over again!
I was lucky enough to see Zero Day last night.
It's an amazing movie.
A very disturbing one at that.In a way, Zero Day is very comparable to "The Blair Witch Project".
It's shot completley with handheld camcorders.
It's about 2 kids.
Just your average kids.
Andre and Calvin.
They start a campaign against there High School entitled "Army of 2".The whole story is told in Video Diary form, from the 2 kids.
It shows there relationships with there parents, amongst other people, showing that these are just normal kids, just like people we know or who have bumped into.
We find out The Army of 2's last mission will be entitles Zero Day.
They plan to shoot up there High School.You see how they get access to there guns, how they plan it out, everything.
They stress that the media has not affected them at all, and there is no reason for doing this.
Like I said, this is all told in Video Diary form, and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after Zero Day.The actual shooting is shown through Survillence Cameras throughout the school.
Chilling indeed.
The movie is very chilling.
Some of the things they say, how they plan it out, you'd just have to see it for yourself.
One quote that I remember is the only time Calvin is byhimself.
He says "Andre thinks were just gonna leave in some getaway car, doing this to numerous schools across the country.
I don't know what he's thinking, but the only way I'm coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag".I'm probaly not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film.
You really need to see it yourself.
It's going around festivals right now.A+.
Okay, so the plot is on shaky ground.
Yeah, all right, so there are some randomly inserted song and/or dance sequences (for example: Adam's concert and Henri's stage act).
And Leslie Caron can't really, um, you know... act.But somehow, 'An American In Paris' manages to come through it all as a polished, first-rate musical--largely on the basis of Gene Kelly's incredible dancing talent and choreography, and the truckloads of charm he seems to be importing into each scene with Caron.
(He needs to, because she seems to have a... problem with emoting.)
The most accomplished and technically awe-inspiring number in this musical is obviously the 16-minute ballet towards the end of the film.
It's stunningly filmed, and Kelly and Caron dance beautifully.
But my favourite number would have to be Kelly's character singing 'I Got Rhythm' with a bunch of French school-children, then breaking into an array of American dances.
It just goes to prove how you don't need special effects when you've got some real *talent*.Not on the 'classics' level with 'Singin' In The Rain', but pretty high up there nonetheless.
Worth the watch!
This is your typical cheerful and colorful MGM musical from the early '50's and it's definitely on of the better ones to watch out there.The movie got directed by the genre expert Vincente Minnelli and stars Gene Kelly in the main lead.
Both did quite a few movies together back in those days, of which this one is probably their best known one.
The movie itself actually managed to win the best picture Oscar over the year, which meant it beat out movies such as "A Place in the Sun", "A Streetcar Named Desire", "The African Queen", "Quo Vadis", "The Blue Veil", "Death of a Salesman" that year.
A real accomplishment of course but at the same time also a bit too much credit for this delightful, bright and entertaining movie.When you watch this movie you surely will be entertained by it all, which is also thanks to the movie its beautiful color look and the many nice characters within this movie.
The musical numbers are also all nicely done, which is no big surprise when you have people such as Vincente Minnelli and Gene Kelly at work.
But really, couldn't had everything that got told in this movie been done in halve an hour less or so?
I mean, we already know where the movie is heading to but yet it manages to stretch it out all for as long as possible.
Not that it makes the movie drag in any parts, it just makes it a bit overlong.
The movie could had also definitely been done with a few less musical numbers in it.One of the better MGM musicals, that is not without its flaws though.8/10
"I didn't want this to get complicated, Leese.
I have to assume she's gonna read that."
Fear takes flight at 30,000 feet in this taut, action thriller.
An overnight flight to Miami quickly becomes a battle for survival when Lisa ( Rachel McAdams) realizes her seatmate ( Cillian Murphy) is planning to use her as part of a chilling assassination plot.
As the minutes tick by, she's in a race against time to warn the potential victims before its to late.One of the many reasons I love this movie, is because of the chemistry between the two stars, McAdams and Murphy, who are also two of my top favorite actors.
For example, the early scenes at the airport play more like a romantic comedy: two people keep running into each other....
I got to hand it to the two as well, for making a film like this work.
Especially, Murphy's character.. Jackson who really seems to be sort of complicated in that way that he acts charming and innocent, yet he's trying to do his job and make Lisa feel trapped physically and mentally.
I mean, in certain parts he really seems to be concerned for Lisa.A great thrill ride all the way through.
A lot of films I would hate to see a prequel or a sequel about, but actually I wouldn't mind a prequel to this one, which would take place with Jackson surveilling Lisa.
Favorite scene is probably that headbutt scene, because it was so unexpected.
There was also that nice buildup to the famous 'pen' scene.
When is she going to make her move?
There was also that nice change in McAdam's Lisa, where she changed herself from being a victim into fighting back.
I also loved the scene where she sits down in the food court and pretends to ask some ladies a survey about the food court.
How great was Murphy with his whole weezing.....
Uggh!
I really wasn't that impressed by this film, though I must admit that it is technically well made.
It does get a 7 for very high production values, but as for entertainment values, it is rather poor.
In fact, I consider this one of the most overrated films of the 50s.
It won the Oscar for Best Picture, but the film is just boring at times with so much dancing and dancing and dancing.
That's because unlike some musicals that have a reasonable number of songs along with a strong story and acting (such as MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS), this movie is almost all singing and dancing.
In fact, this film has about the longest song and dance number in history and if you aren't into this, the film will quickly bore you.
Give me more story!
As a result, with overblown production numbers and a weak story, this film is like a steady diet of meringue--it just doesn't satisfy in the long run.
To think...this is the film that beat out "A Streetcar Named Desire" and "A Place in the Sun" for Best Picture!
And, to make matters worse, "The African Queen" and "Ace in the Hole" weren't even nominated in this category!
Even more amazing to me is that "Ace in the Hole" lost for Best Writing, Screenplay to this film--even though "An American in Paris" had hardly any story to speak of and was mostly driven by dance and song.
I absolutely LOVED this movie when I was a kid.
I cried every time I watched it.
It wasn't weird to me.
I totally identified with the characters.
I would love to see it again (and hope I wont be disappointed!).
Pufnstuf rocks!!!!
I was really drawn in to the fantasy world.
And to me the movie was loooong.
I wonder if I ever saw the series and have confused them?
The acting I thought was strong.
I loved Jack Wilde.
He was so dreamy to an 10 year old (when I first saw the movie, not in 1970.
I can still remember the characters vividly.
The flute was totally believable and I can still 'feel' the evil woods.
Witchy poo was scary - I wouldn't want to cross her path.
Although this was not without its faults, this drama was a fitting one to be shown around Easter time.
It reminded us of our spiritual selves and showed that behind our facades, we often hide our deepest sufferings and experiences.
There was so much to enjoy in the drama, not least the rapping teenagers who provided a better musical accompaniment to the drama than the rather poor sound score in the background.
The acting was excellent and Timothy Spall was once again superb.
The climax was very satisfying, if rather simplistic.
Timothy Spall's "letting go" of his long-dead wife's suicide was credible and mirrored well the feelings of despair that were present in the teenage girl who self-harmed.
The resolution between the graffiti boy and the Muslim was gratifying but less believable.
A wonderful drama which left myself and my husband felling that the evening had been well spent.
Congratulations!
updated January 1st, 2006Parsifal is one of my two favorite Wagner operas or music dramas, to be more accurate, (Meistersinger is the other.)
though it's hard to imagine it as the "top of anyone's pops".
The libretto, by the composer as usual, is a muddle of religion, paganism, eroticism, and possibly even homo-eroticism, and its length may make it seem to the audience like hearing paint dry.Wagner, being a famous anti-Semite, (Klingsor may be one of his surrogate Jewish villains.)
naturally entrusted the premiere to an unconverted (not for want of RW's trying!)
Hermann Levi, who was his favorite conductor!
(Go figure!)
Kundry, a most mixed-up-gal and another likely Jewish surrogate, is both villainous or benevolent, depending on the scene.Considering that many video versions of Parsifal seem on the stodgy side, this film of the opera is, in comparison, a breath of fresh air.
Hans-Jürgen Syberberg, the director, has brought considerable imagination to it but it's hard to know why he made some of his choices.
For example: the notorious dual Parsifals (of each gender!
), the puppets, the death-mask-of-Wagner set and various dolls and symbols such as the Nazi swastika in one of the traveling scenes.
(If I remember, the "real" Engelbert Humperdinck wrote the actual music to pad out the scene changes.)
Though Wagner himself died much too early to be an actual Nazi, many of his descendants (As well as his second wife Cosima.)
were at least fellow-travelers, including their grandson Wolfgang Wagner who still runs the Bayreuth Festival at an advanced age.
In fact, Wolfgang's son Gottfried Wagner, in complete opposition to his father, has tried to come to terms honestly with his great-grandfather.Syberberg, too, seems politically ambiguous from what I've read.
In 1977, he made a well-known film on Hitler, "Hitler: ein Film aus Deutschland" (Sometimes called "Our Hitler" in English.).
Since it lasts all of 8 hours and hasn't been widely distributed, most people have not seen it (including myself.
).Armin Jordan, the conductor of the audio CD on which this film is based, plays Amfortas (sung by Wolfgang Schöne) Edith Clever (Yvonne Minton) plays Kundry, Michael Kutter and Karin Krick play the dual Parsifals (Both sung by Reiner Goldberg.!)
and Robert Lloyd and Aage Haugland both play and sing Gurnemanz and Klingsor.Though the opera takes place over a long period of time and all (except Kundry?)
have been described as having aged considerably between Acts 2 and 3, no one looks a day older by the end of the opera.
(The magic of the Grail?
In this opera the Grail is the cup from which Jesus drank at the Last Supper and not Mary Magdalene as in more recent times, an idea I find preposterous!
).The conducting and singing are all quite serviceable and the DVD seems to have improved the sound, if not the picture, to a great extent.
(Yes, I agree that "Kna's" approach is superior, even on the second, stereo, version but he is probably superior to all recorded versions on the whole.
)Not a Parsifal for all Wagnerites but I think it works quite well as a filmed opera.
I used to watch Pufnstuf every weekend when I was about 10.
It was on right after Bay City Rollers.
I saw it come on to Family Channel one day, and taped it for my then three-year old daughter.
I'd forgotten all the things I'd loved as a child, the magic flute, the zoom broom, Witcheepoo's makeup.This show is decidedly low tech.
The mayor is surely a precedent to Mayor McCheese, and everyone is a stuffed creature with annoying googly eyes.
But kids love this stuff.
They would way, way rather watch a guy work a sock puppet than sit in front of high-tech computer animation.
There is (mild) slapstick, but no adult themes such as sex or people dying, and kids accept Jimmy's schemes.
Kids think it would be neat to carry a bag of smoke around and convince someone their house was on fire, and I loved how every time my daughter saw a jet stream in the sky she thought Witchypoo was flying overhead.
The music is old, but you really get used to it, and my daughter really loved it.
She used to sing "different is hard, different is lonely" in the car.
My daughter watched this show at least once a day for about 5 months, and it's still one of her favourites.I see that a new Pufnstuf 2000 is in the works.
I really hope they try to keep the old flavour and don't do anything like computer-animating characters etc.
I think a whole new generation would love Pufnstuf.
Having read Diamond's book, I was slightly disappointed in the series, but all in all, it is quite informative.
Reading the other comments, it is comforting to know that the 'culture warriors' are hard at work, seeing 'attacks' on 'Western Civilization' under every rug.Is Diamond a little preachy ?
Sure.
Like a lot of academics, he sees his theory as the most important thing ever.
He uses the phrase 'guns, germs, and steel' at seemingly every opportunity during the series.
We get it, after about the first 10 minutes.Is Diamond a little simplistic (in the series) ?
Sure.
The part about the Spaniards in South America is particularly amusing, condensing some very long, complicated history down to 'smallpox, swords, and horses', wrapping up the whole conquest of South America in about 15 minutes.
But the point remains valid - these things did in fact contribute (but not totally define) the reasons for the Spaniard's success against the established cultures.Is he preaching *against* Western Civilization in any way ?
Nope.
Not a word.
Not to my ear.
All he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly, *not* that luck is the only reason.In the end, if you're looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority, then this series is not for you.
But if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail, this series presents a useful interpretation of the historical evidence.
Magicians is a wonderful ride from start to finish, thanks in large part to the magic that is generated by the stars.
Alan Arkin is fantastic in one of his best roles in decades.
Like any really fine film, it's a journey in which the theme is redemption and the results of dreaming.
I can't believe this film is SO difficult to find -- I'd buy it on DVD in a heartbeat but have yet to find an outlet.
This is the kind of picture John Lassiter would be making today, if it weren't for advances in CGI.
And that's just to say that he'd be forgotten, too, if technology hadn't made things sexy and kewl since 1983.
_Twice..._ has got the same wit, imagination, and sense of real excitement that you'd find in a Pixar flick, only executed under the restrictions of the medium c. 1983.
Innovative animation techniques combine with a great script and excellent voicing to produce a movie that appeals on lots of levels.
It should be spoken of in the same breath with _Spiritited Away_ and _Toy Story_.
Claire Denis' debut is both a brave and self-assured one.
In this depiction of life towards the end of French colonialist Cameroon, she explores the relationships between men and women, black and white.With the black servant 'Protée' as the film's primary object of desire and oppression, the film enters taboo territory from the beginning.
Denis builds a picture of life through a series of character relationships that keep the informed viewer fixed to the screen.
The mood of the film is captured perfectly by the camera-work and (lack of) lighting.A great discourse.
My 3rd-year French classes always enjoyed this film very much.
In a multi-cultural, inner-city high school, the film provided many subjects for discussion (in French in class, but I know a lot of discussion went on in English after class).
The most obvious is the relationship between Protée and Aimée compared to the one between Protée and France.I always mentioned that I felt this film had one of the "sexiest" scenes I had ever seen in a movie.
One year, a 17-year-old African-American shouted, "Yes!"
when he figured out the scene: the one where Protée is helping Aimée lace up her evening dress, all the while both are examining the reflection of the other in the mirror.
Directors use the "mirror technique" when then want to focus on the inner conflict on the part of one or more character in a scene: this is a perfect example of the technique, and it is "sexy".Most students had trouble understanding the end of the film.
One suggested that one theme of the movie was "Africanism", and that no matter how much one loved Africa or Africans, one cannot "become" African (like the driver tried to do): one must BE African.
Miriam Hopkins is "The Lady with Red Hair" in this 1940 biopic of Mrs. Leslie Carter which also stars Claude Rains as David Belasco, Richard Ainley as Lou Payne, and a fine cast of supporting players, including Laura Hope Crews and Victor Jory.Miriam Hopkins and Claude Rains give wonderful performances.
Hopkins was a beautiful actress who really makes us feel for Mrs. Carter.
Rains is great as the flamboyant, egotistical producer/writer/actor/impresario David Belasco, one of the great names in theater.Though Mrs. Carter's second husband, Lou Payne, served as adviser on this film, it's a poor representation of the real events of Mrs. Carter's life.
True, there was a much publicized and bitter divorce, and she was undoubtedly viewed as a scandalous character for that and for becoming an actress.
However, she had custody of her son Dudley, so there was no custody battle.
Once she broke with Belasco, she did not go back to him and, in fact, started working in vaudeville and actually made some films toward the end of her life.
She did indeed marry Lou, and he became her leading man in many productions.The driving force for Mrs. Carter in the beginning of this film is regaining custody of her son, but she finally realizes that in her time away from him, he is thoroughly bonded with his father.
In the film also (and I'm not sure if it was true in real life) she traveled with her mother and lived in a theatrical boarding house, which gives the film some added interesting atmosphere.Not a bad movie, probably not a depiction of the greatness of either Carter or Belasco.
One of Mrs. Carter's most famous moments was in The Heart of Maryland, where she wore a wig with six-foot tresses.
Off-stage, fans blew her hair as she hung 35 feet above the stage clutching the center of a bell to keep it from ringing.
Quite a visual.
What is most disturbing about this film is not that school killing sprees like the one depicted actually happen, but that the truth is they are carried out by teenagers like Cal and Andre...normal kids with normal families.
By using a hand held camera technique a la Blair Witch, Ben Coccio succeeds in bringing us into the lives of two friends who have some issues with high school, although we aren't ever told exactly what is behind those issues.
They seem to be typical -a lot of people hate high school, so what?
A part of you just doesn't believe they will ever carry out the very well thought out massacre on Zero Day.
The surveillance camera scenes in the school during the shooting are made all the more powerful for that reason.
You can't believe it's really happening, and that it's really happened.
The hand held camera technique also creates the illusion that this is not a scripted movie, a brilliant idea given the subject matter.
i watched this film many years ago and have searched for it ever since in my opinion although very raw it is very educational as to what the future can hold i enjoyed the movie and to this this day rate it very high sorry to all those that disagree but a movie should always be judged each to there own and in my opinion its great give it a go with all the cloning and test tube babies that are happening today who are we to judge this film, this may be a dramatised event of what is to become but there you go.
All the horrors of today are so far fetched even i laugh but this one gets me thinking and it scares me as a mother what if i was desperate,after watching this movie i would think twice sorry but i love the movie make your own mind up don't watch the movie making- just aknowledge the story and ask yourself this how far would you go for a child?
Having seen Charley Boorman in Long Way Round with Ewan McGregor, I was very interested to see how Charley would be in his own show.
I thought Charley came across as a lovely guy who is very grounded and down to earth.
Its nice to see that celebrities struggle with their weight and fitness, it just show's their human too!
I don't know a lot about bikes, but this show gripped me right from the start.
The preparation and organising for this event seems immense.
The event itself seems very dangerous and I'm fascinated to see why Charley and everyone else is doing it and how far he gets.
I love the pace of the show and the fast upbeat music.
I can't believe he broke his collar bone, I really hope its not the end, I cant wait to see the next episode...
I am watching the series back to back as fast as possible.
I am attempting to watch all things Star Trek.
This is month 3 and I am now on Season 3 of TNG and I have already gone thru DS9 in its entirety.
Star Trek is the greatest television phenomenon ever achieved.
"Shades of Grey" is the first recap episode in the TNG series.
Having just watched the shows, these clips were fresh in my mind, but I noticed how a couple of them were re-shot because the film looked better.
Season 1 always seemed real dark and ugly to me - and the actors looked silly, like they didn't fit in their own skins.The show is essentially just made of up a greatest hits of the happiest and saddest moments in Riker's life on the Enterprise up until this point.
The Data and Riker scene in the holo-deck is a classic moment of new friendship.
My other favorite is when the 2nd officer on the Klingon ship challenges Riker's authority as first officer and Riker beat the living CRAP out of that Klingon.
Then the admiral kicks his a$$ but good.
This entire episode is a heck of a reminder that a LOT of crazy, great things have happened already in a mere 2 seasons with 5 more to go and a handful of movies!
At this point in the series they are really starting to develop the emotions that tie Riker to Deanna Troi as Imzadi.
Up until this point they have mentioned the fact, but they have yet to exploit it.
Let the record show that the ST Wiki - Memory Alpha claims that Imzadi means "first" and denotes that she has had intimate relations with Riker and also remains deeply close on an emotional one.
This episode further proves there will be a tense romantic interest in each other for a long time to come.Here is the article: http://memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/Imzadi By this point in the series, production value is up to speed and Star Trek TNG is settling into the sci-fi behemoth it was destined to become.
Watching this again as an adult I see now what GREAT ACTORS the Star Trek Universe provides.
They really need to make a new ST show set after all the current shows.
A DS9 movie would have been nice too.
zero day is based of columbine high school massacre.
and its a video diary of two boys.
at first you don't know whats going to happen you think it is just a bad student film.
until they start talking about the horrible things they are going to do in this quite school.
until they start talking about pipe bombs and guns and going shooting in the woods.
they is a lot to say about this movie.
all know this film is well a film you forget you watching a film and watching a real video two boys made.the two boys act like they are in a weird cult.
they burn all there stuff.
like play station games books dvds homework stuff school stuff.
these two boys can be anybody your friends you brothers or the people you see walking down the street.
it goes through there daily actives (and that is making a gun.
in the videos they make it mentions the bullying that happens to them and how people said stuff about there clothes and the things you are into I'm not saying its right but many people do do things like that.and also the thing is with this people are suspected to like it because of the sensitive topic they have chosen on this film.so thats my review on zero day.and lets just say the end shooting scene is messed up.
This has to be one the best movies about serial killers that I've ever seen, and this is coming from someone who absolutely loved Silence of the Lambs.
HBO has hit the jackpot here.
This film is compelling from the first moment until the last.This film has so many underlying themes its hard to tell exactly what it is about.
It chronicles the decade-long search for the Russian serial killer Andrea Chikatilo.
Stephen Rea gives a brilliantly reserved performance as the inexperienced forensic expert who is put in charge of the investigation, and Donald Sutherland gives an even more involving performance as his cynical superior, and the only person in the Russian government willing to help him.
Both of their performances are subtle masterpieces---Rea begins naive and unwilling to compromise, while Sutherland begins detached and almost amused by the situation.
Towards the end, Rea becomes more world-weary and beaten by the system, while Sutherland finds himself more passionate and idealistic.In any other movie, I would have said that Sutherland's performance stands out above the rest, but here even it is rivaled by Jeffrey DuMann, as the serial killer himself.
DuMann brilliantly creates a character here who inspires empathy rather than the hatred we think we would find---he is a monster, but he doesn't want to be, and we get the idea that he is just as disgusted with what he does as we are.
He is tortured, ashamed, but vicious as well.If you can take the incredibly dark subject matter, (and it is *very* disturbing), then you should see this movie.
THis was a hilarious movie and I would see it again and again.
It isn't a movie for someone who doesn't have a fun sense of a humor, but for people who enoy comedy like Chris Rock its a perfect movie in my opinion.
It is really funnny
A FROLICS OF YOUTH Short Subject.A teenager, embarrassed by his fear of dogs, runs away from home.
The abandoned spaniel he finds helps to change his mind.PARDON MY PUPS is an enjoyable little film, with Shirley Temple stealing all her scenes as the hero's lively kid sister.
The opening gag - dealing with bedwetting - is in poor taste, but is quickly forgotten.
Highlight: the climactic fisticuffs, which look impressively realistic.Often overlooked or neglected today, the one and two-reel short subjects were useful to the Studios as important training grounds for new or burgeoning talents, both in front & behind the camera.
The dynamics for creating a successful short subject was completely different from that of a feature length film, something akin to writing a topnotch short story rather than a novel.
Economical to produce in terms of both budget & schedule and capable of portraying a wide range of material, short subjects were the perfect complement to the Studios' feature films.
A most awaited film of the year 2002.
After three and half years of hibernation,Rajini has acted in this movie.
The hype for this film was toooooo high..This is not a typical Rajini film, in this film he gives some spiritual messages also.
But it also includes typical Rajini actions,style,songs etc.
Its a good entertaining movie and gives good messages also.I will rate this movie as Good instead of Excellent because of the screenplay.
Its a must watch movie.
Dont miss it!
"Jared Diamond made a point in the first episode that other peoples of the world didn't have animals to domesticate but Europeans did, and that accounts for why we were able to make steel and invent complex machines".
--- It is obvious that the person who wrote this comment hasn't understood the reasoning behind this documentary or the original book.
Please don't ruin this great piece by your simple mindedness.
The reasons are far more complex than the single thing you mentioned.
Please read the book as is it a great source of information.
I enjoyed it a lot.
This book is even a taught as a text book at some universities.
This movie is stuffed full of stock Horror movie goodies: chained lunatics, pre-meditated murder, a mad (vaguely lesbian) female scientist with an even madder father who wears a mask because of his horrible disfigurement, poisoning, spooky castles, werewolves (male and female), adultery, slain lovers, Tibetan mystics, the half-man/half-plant victim of some unnamed experiment, grave robbing, mind control, walled up bodies, a car crash on a lonely road, electrocution, knights in armour - the lot, all topped off with an incredibly awful score and some of the worst Foley work ever done.The script is incomprehensible (even by badly dubbed Spanish Horror movie standards) and some of the editing is just bizarre.
In one scene where the lead female evil scientist goes to visit our heroine in her bedroom for one of the badly dubbed: "That is fantastical.
I do not understand.
Explain to me again how this is..." exposition scenes that litter this movie, there is a sudden hand held cutaway of the girl's thighs as she gets out of bed for no apparent reason at all other than to cover a cut in the bad scientist's "Mwahaha!
All your werewolfs belong mine!"
speech.
Though why they went to the bother I don't know because there are plenty of other jarring jump cuts all over the place - even allowing for the atrocious pan and scan of the print I saw.The Director was, according to one interview with the star, drunk for most of the shoot and the film looks like it.
It is an incoherent mess.
It's made even more incoherent by the inclusion of werewolf rampage footage from a different film The Mark of the Wolf Man (made 4 years earlier, featuring the same actor but playing the part with more aggression and with a different shirt and make up - IS there a word in Spanish for "Continuity"?)
and more padding of another actor in the wolfman get-up ambling about in long shot.The music is incredibly bad varying almost at random from full orchestral creepy house music, to bosannova, to the longest piano and gong duet ever recorded.
(Thinking about it, it might not have been a duet.
It might have been a solo.
The piano part was so simple it could have been picked out with one hand while the player whacked away at the gong with the other.)
This is one of the most bewilderedly trance-state inducing bad movies of the year so far for me.
Enjoy.Favourite line: "Ilona!
This madness and perversity will turn against you!"
How true.Favourite shot: The lover, discovering his girlfriend slain, dropping the candle in a cartoon-like demonstration of surprise.
Rank amateur directing there.
Powers Boothe turns in a stellar performance as 1970's cult figure Jim Jones of the Peoples Temple.
Jones physical likeness to Jones is uncanny and the story is acted out chillingly.
The movie keeps you riveted and is a must see for anyone.
check it out.
This film is scary because you can find yourself relating to ideas they have and can recall other people saying and having simialr ideas make this a haunting well done movie.... the camra style is not shakey to point it draws you out of film like blair witch it only adds to the raw "real" feeling of the film that makes it.
"Kolchak: the Night Stalker" is a hugely entertaining TV series in which a pushy, sarcastic, forty-something reporter is repeatedly drawn into mortal combat with supernatural (and occasionally extraterrestrial) forces.
Based on a very popular pair of TV movies featuring the Kolchak character, this series died a quick death in the mid-1970s due to low ratings, but it nevertheless maintains a strong cult following today.
But will the average modern-day viewer be able to dig Kolchak and his weekly clashes with the undead?
That's actually a tough question to answer fairly.
Detractors of this series tend to argue that it's formulaic and hopelessly dated.
On the other hand, fans argue that it's cleverly written, well-acted, and sometimes genuinely spooky.
And me?
I've got a foot in both camps.
I thoroughly enjoyed watching all 20 episodes of Kolchak on DVD recently, though I can plainly see that the series has major flaws.I'll address the question of Kolchak being "formula" fiction first.
Now, I think we can all agree that most TV shows have formulas - just about every episode of Columbo unfolds according to the same pattern, for example.
Repetition is not necessarily a bad thing in itself; in fact, critics have long recognized that audiences often enjoy, and actively seek out, repetitive entertainment.
However, the problem with Kolchak is that its formula is simply TOO rigid - it's too repetitive even by the most generous standards.In almost every episode, Kolchak investigates a murder, and figures out that it was committed by some form of monster.
He tries to publish a story about said monster, but his editor Vincenzo blocks him, always on the grounds that Kolchak doesn't have sufficient evidence to support his claims that supernatural forces are at work.
And, alas, Kolchak is also obstructed by the police.
So, in the end, Kolchak does some independent research on the monster, figures out how to kill it... and then kills it.
Without ceremony, or reward, or writing a big story about it.You can see where this ever-so-strict formula might get tiresome, right?
I'm particularly mystified by Vincenzo - if Kolchak's always raving about monsters, and Vincenzo never believes it... well, then, why doesn't Vincenzo fire Kolchak, or have him committed?
That's what any normal boss would do.
But the series eschews such realism and prefers to keep Vincenzo and Kolchak as comical antagonists.
As a result, many of their scenes together are profoundly unbelievable - though they are also quite funny.The very best episodes of Kolchak manage to vault over the limitations of this formula, however, usually because they contain some kind of unexpected twist.
These select episodes are good enough that I think they're largely immune to typical criticisms of the series.
Some of my favorites include: Horror in the Heights - an episode that's noteworthy for being grimy, inventive and socially aware.
Kolchak's dialog has an unusually sharp and cynical edge.
Though it adheres closely to the Kolchak formula, the script (written by Hammer Studios veteran Jimmy Sangster) is remarkably literate, and it delves deeply into the monster's backstory.The Devil's Platform - a possible inspiration for the "Omen" films, this episode stands out to me because the villain - a very young Tom Skerritt - tempts Kolchak with a satanic contract full of goodies (and, in so doing, reveals a lot about the reporter's character.)
Firefall - this episode appears to have a bad reputation among fans, but I enjoyed it because it's got a great red herring and a really creepy, almost unstoppable-seeming monster.Though I've singled out these three episodes for praise, I'd say that most of the stories are entertaining at the very least.
For my money, there are only two complete turkeys in the 20-episode run: Primal Scream, which is about monkey-men running rampant in Chicago, and the Sentry, which features the dumbest-looking creature makeup in the history of filmed entertainment (and this assessment is coming from a lifelong Doctor Who and Godzilla fan!)
On balance, then, this is a good series.
A little repetitive, a little cheesy perhaps, but it has elements of greatness.
Even during the weaker episodes, Darren McGavin's wonderful performance as the caustic, world-weary, endlessly funny Kolchak truly shines.
He carries the series effortlessly, in a way that, for example, Sarah Michelle Gellar never managed on "Buffy."
McGavin was one great character actor, and this series is worth watching for him alone.
A group of friends decide to take a camping trip into the desert-and find themselves stalked and murdered by a mysterious killer in a black pick-up truck.
"Mirage" is obviously inspired by Spielberg's "Duel" and Craven's "The Hills Have Eyes".Still this slasher yarn offers plenty of nasty violence and gore.The film's gory highlight is a sequence involving a man having his arm and leg chained together around a tree and then having his limbs dismembered when the chain is pulled by a truck.There is also a little bit of suspense and some exciting stalk-and-slash sequences.The acting is pretty lame and the script is quite weak,but the film is fast-paced and shocking.B.G.Steers who plays the villain is fairly threatening.The desert locations provide some atmosphere and the gore is rather strong.Overall,if you like low-budget horror films give this one a look.8 out of 10.
Lexi befriends Jennifer, a thin, intelligent girl at her new school.
Lexi's parents have just split up.
Soon, Jen tells Lexi of her eating disorder, and the two begin dieting and exercising together.
They both are in the school's volley ball team.
Lexi's mum becomes aware of her daughter's illness, as she is losing lots of weight.
Lexi is admitted to hospital.
She is diagnosed with Anorexia nervosa, and is made to gain weight.
Her father visits her in hospital, and orders a feeding tube.
She is better and is allowed out of hospital and she tells her mum that Jen has bulimia.
This leads to the two falling out, as Lexi's mum tells Jen's mum her suspicions.At a party Jen is hit by a car, and because her heart is weak it kills her.
Lexi's condition worsens, as she blames herself for her best friend's death...
High school friends Andre Kriegman and Cal Gabriel declare war on their classmates and plan a terrifying assault on their high school.
As they begin the deadly countdown to their final act of revenge, the two start a video diary to explain their feelings and chronicle their mission.There is another similar movie like this, called "Elephant."
Why do I bring this up?
To compare the two films, of course.
I have to say, even though I liked "Elephant," this is a much better film.
What's the difference, you ask?
Well, for starters, this is shot differently, much along the lines of "Cloverfield," "Blair Witch Project," and "Diary of the Dead."
This makes the movie all the better because it's much more painfully realistic.But what won me over was how the movie was willing to show the "other side of the story."
You get to know these two shooters, unlike "Elephant."
I actually cared for one of the shooters and could understand their actions and why they did what they did.
This movie actually makes you feel sympathetic to these people and that's a good thing because it's not always black and white.To be honest, this is why I almost cried in this movie.
The characters are real human beings with logic and reasons behind their actions.
You get to understand them.
It's not like they want to kill people for attention.
Overall, this film is emotionally gripping and very haunting and much better than "Elephant."
I believe this is the most powerful film HBO Pictures has made to date.
This film should have been released in theaters for the public to view on the big screen.
It is available on video so make sure you look for it and check it out.
Chris Gerolmo did a great job with the direction and the screenplay.
The performances from Stephen Rea, Donald Sutherland and Jeffery DeMunn are flawless.
A masterpiece of the genre.
Man, I loved this movie!
This really takes me back to when I was a kid.
These were the days when the teachers still showed classroom films on reel-to-real and if you were good, they would rewind the movie slowly so you could watch it play backward.
I still remember one of the opening lines...."Tutazema was his name, and he was an Orphan.
He lived with his sister so and so in the village."
This is a great movie for kids and as enduring as the red balloon.
At the end the other Indian boys in the village attach the feathers to Tutazema and he becomes an eagle himself.
He gets to live the way he always wanted to.
He gets to soar the heavens.
I went and saw Rivers and Tides again today.
It's the second time in two days and yes, I do see movies I like as many times as is necessary.
Yesterday I was struck by the brilliance of the images and Goldsworthy's works.
This morning when I threw the coins I received #29 The Abysmal (Water).
Goldsworthy has an affinity with water, hence the title.
I received the 5th line changing which moved to #7 The Army.
To Blake Art was a War.
Anyway, I knew I had to see the film again.I read one of the few reviews extant Online from the SF Examiner.
The critic loved the film but said Goldsworthy's comments got in the way of his enjoyment of the film.
He'd rather have only the images and the wonderful soundtrack.
So I was aware of that as I watched this second time.Yesterday I thought that I'd vote for Andy Goldsworthy as King of the World.
Well today I could get a little bit beyond the images and listen to what he had to say.
Could I enjoy the film without his comments?
What he is doing, what he is saying goes way beyond "art".
His understanding of Water, Time, Stone, Change, and on and on made me think the man is the reincarnation of Lao Tsu or some Avatar.
Some of his work/words are Zen like.
His knowledge...Anyway, the film is only (apparently) being shown here in the Bay Area.
Be a Trend setter.
Go to your local cinema and tell them, no insist that they have to book a film you've heard about from the hinter lands.
It's called Rivers and Tides.
This movie, which starts out with a interesting opening of two hot blondes getting it on in the back of a driver-less, moving vehicle, has quite the quirky little personality to boot.
The cast of seven (although one girl doesn't hang around for the bodycount, which is unfortunate because the death toll is already so small as is) are all super-hot, as our story centers around teens partying way out in the desert (an odd but effective choice of setting), who are hunted down by a creepy man in black gloves and jeans who drives a black truck.
It predates many of the vehicle-inspired slashers to date ("The Trip", "Joy Ride", "Jeepers Creepers") where the killer's vehicle itself becomes an evil antagonist.
The killer himself is quite creepy, and we find solace in the extremely likable heroine in Jennifer McAllister (look at the interesting symbolic contrast of the evil killer in all black, while our benevolent heroine sports all white attire, as scanty and stonewashed as it may be).
Director Bill Crain does some really great things with his camera, some neat tricks on screen, and the cast tries their absolute best.
There's enough gore in the low bodycount to please the gore fans, and enough T&A from a couple of the girls to please T&A fans.
Overall, this flick is highly underrated and widely sought out in the slasher movie world as it's proved quite rare to find on video.
Highly recommended.
I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of this film I wasn't entirely sure I was going to sit through the whole thing.
Like many other people, I found it pretty boring, and I wasn't entirely looking forward to an hour and a half of watching this guy bite icicles and stick them together.
However, if you sit through the creation of his first work long enough to see the finished product, you get an idea of how impressive the rest of the film is.
I really think it's sad that so many people found this impossibly boring or a retread of ideas done by other artists.
Rivers and Tides is a quiet study of some of the artwork and methods of Andy Goldsworthy, who makes his art entirely out of things in nature, generally resulting in pieces that will be consumed by nature through the normal process of entropy.
It is slow moving and unglamorous, but I think that a lot of the point of the movie is to show that Goldsworthy's art does not need any accompaniment in order for it to be appreciated.
I've even heard people complain about how he is always talking throughout the movie, rather than just letting nature and his artwork speak for themselves, which I just think is madness.On the other hand, lots of people complain about CDs coming with the lyrics written out inside them.
A lot of musicians as well think their music should mean whatever the listener wants it to mean without the musician showing the exact lyrics, I guess I'm just the kind of person that believes that I'd like to know what the artist was trying to accomplish with his or her artwork.
I can still take it how I want to even if I know what it was meant to do.
I can understand not wanting to hear him talk through the movie.
He does, after all, lose his train of thought and find himself unable to explain some of his work at more than one occasion, but if you don't want Goldsworthy talk about his art while you're watching the film, feel free to turn the sound off.
That's like not reading the lyrics if you don't want to know what a musician is singing and would rather interpret the words yourself.I think that Andy Goldsworthy's work, which I had no idea existed before I watched this movie, is incredibly impressive, and I'm glad that this film was made in order to showcase it.
Indeed, since his work is generally not the kind that can be transported into a studio, photography is the only medium other than film that can express it, and I really appreciated being able to see the work that goes into his art, and the way that only things from nature are used.
Whether or not you appreciate certain aspects of how this film is presented, Goldsworthy's work is moving enough to overlook that, because the film is not the star, Goldsworthy's art is.
And given the lack of any music or even the smallest special effects and the slow-moving nature of the film, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows that.
So, not being a poet myself, I have no real way to convey the beauty and simplicity of this documentary.
The effortless motion of Goldsworthy, as he molds natures beauty into his own work is captivating.
Watch him stick reeds together in a web hanging from a tree in a close up for a few minutes while he speaks of his work, and then receive the payoff when the camera cuts to the wide shot.
Be amazed by the ease with which he operates and then realize the futility when a slight breeze knocks down the entire web.The genius of Goldsworthy seemingly knows no bounds as his inspiration is nature itself.
It is in the essential change of nature where his work, though complete in its own sphere, is made whole.
When Philo Vance (Edmund Lowe) is standing precariously on the edge of a balcony high above the city, apparently hypnotized and just about to step to his death,it immediately reminded me of a nearly identical scene in another film made nine years later, "The Woman in Green" in which Sherlock Holmes (Basil Rathbone)is similarly about to hurl himself into space while being hypnotized.
Happily, both Philo Vance and Sherlock Holmes survive these attempts at murder by unscrupulous criminals.
Exciting cinematic suspense in both these scenes.
When will they learn you can't cloud the minds of great fictional detectives ?
Rea, Sutherland, DeMunn, and von Sydow (in a small role) are all brilliant in their performances.
Sutherland is particularly adept at this sort of role, where he must portray a character whose morality is, at first, uncertain to the audience.
As is so often the case with Sutherland's characters, we must ask "is he a villian , or a hero?
"This is a disturbing story, intelligently told, about the incompetence and fearful bureaucracy in the old Soviet Union that impeded the efforts of extremely competent people.
As Sutherland's character wryly notes, "The measure of a bureaucracy is its ability not to make special exceptions".
The "committee meeting" (between Rea and Sutherland's characters) after perestroika is enforced, with its revelations, has enormous emotional impact.
You can feel the suffering of the dedicated people who labored in that system.The handful of dramatic scenes portraying victims' family members adds emotional resonance to the impact of the story.
This is seldom a feature of a film with this sickening subject matter, but effectively reminds us that the victims had lives, and were loved.This is a sad, but very important film, which deserved its showcase on Canada's History Television.
clara bow's beauty and wonderful appeal are the chief reason to watch this film.
"hula" is not quite up to par with clara's best films but it is still enjoyable.
she dances, she rides her horse, and pursues the man that she loves.
this film is just over an hour in length and was directed by future oscar winner victor fleming (gone with the wind).the film moves quickly and clara bow has lots of screen time.
if you like clara, i would reccomend "hula."
This movie is a half-documentary...and it is pretty interesting....This is a good movie...based on the true story of how a bunch of norwegian saboturs managed to stop the heavy water production in Rukjan, Norway and the deliverance of the rest of the heavy water to Germany.This movie isn't perfect and it could have been a bit better... the best part of the movie is that some of the saboturs are played by themselves!!
!If you're interested in history of WWII and film this is a movie that's worth a look!
!
WHEN FRIENDSHIP KILLS, in my opinion, is a very touching and kind of heartbreaking drama about the consequences of being anorexic or bulimic.
Anytime Lexi (Katie Wright) or Jennifer (Marley Shelton) threw up, I wanted to vomit myself.
It's kind of hard to explain why.
If you ask me, they should have been more cooperative about things.
However, I did enjoy seeing them do things together as well as get lectured by their parents.
Before I wrap this up, I'd like to say, "If you ask me, WHEN FRIENDSHIP KILLS does indeed show you how being anorexic or bulimic can affect a person's body. "
Now, in conclusion, I recommend this movie to everyone who hasn't seen it.
You're in for some tears and a good time, so the next time it's on TV, kick back with a friend and watch it.
Timeless musical gem, with Gene Kelly in top form, stylish direction by Vincente Minnelli, and wonderful musical numbers.
It is great entertainment from start to finish, one of those films that people watch with a smile and say "they don't make 'em like they used to!"
But they never did quite make them like this.
The climactic 25 minute musical sequence without any dialogue is among the most beautiful in film history.
Movie magic, clearly derived from the heart and soul of everyone involved.
A must see!
An American In Paris is an integrated musical, meaning that the songs and dances blend perfectly with the story.
The film was inspired by the 1928 orchestral composition by George Gershwin.
The story of the film is interspersed with show-stopping dance numbers choreographed by Gene Kelly and set to popular Gershwin tunes.
Songs and music include "I Got Rhythm," "'S Wonderful," and "Our Love is Here to Stay".
It set a new standard for the subgenre known as the "songbook" musical with dozens of Gershwin tunes buried in the underscore.
The climax is "The American in Paris" ballet, an 18 minute dance featuring Kelly and Caron set to Gershwin's An American in Paris, featuring an Impressionistic period daydream in the style of various painters, is one of the longest uninterrupted dance sequences of any Hollywood film.
The ballet alone cost more than half a million dollars, a staggering sum at the time.It's funny to think of such a work of art being born over a pool game between film producer Arthur Freed (SINGIN' IN THE RAIN, WIZARD OF OZ, ON THE TOWN, MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS and THE BAND WAGON) and Ira Gershwin.
It was Freed's idea to buy the title so he could use if in a film about Paris and Gershwin's idea that it would only use Gershwin music.Original cast was to have Cyd Charisse but she discovered she was pregnant before shooting began.
A major reason Gene Kelly suggested Leslie Caron as the female lead was because he felt this movie needed a "real" French girl playing Lise, not just an American actress playing one.
Gene Kelly discovered Leslie Caron while vacationing in Paris where he saw her perform in a ballet.
When she got the call to audition, she said, "Who's Gene Kelly?"
According to Leslie Caron, her introductory dance sequence, which included a seductive dance with a chair, was considered too suggestive by some censors.
Gene Kelly directed the brief fantasy dance sequences shown as Lise is introduced.Vincente Minnelli first wanted Maurice Chevalier in the Georges Guétary part, and 'Celeste Holm' in the 'Nina Foch' part.Minnelli was a groundbreaking director of musicals with Meet Me in St. Louis (1944), An American in Paris, and The Band Wagon (1953).
He used color and songs in ways they hadn't been used before.
He used space and time imaginatively.
Best of all, though, he allowed himself to cut loose for the long ballet sequences that end all his movies.
The ballet in An American in Paris may be his best work.Even though Vincente Minnelli is credited as the sole director, he was sometimes tied up with his divorce from Judy Garland and other directing projects, leaving Gene Kelly to take over the directing duties.Other highlights include Guetary's rendition of "Stairway to Paradise"; Oscar Levant's fantasy of conducting and performing Gershwin's "Concerto in F" (see why it was Oscar Levant's favorite.
)The ballet sequence, now that we know it was successful everybody now wants to take credit for it, Freed, Minnelli, Kelly but before the film was completed the New York office of MGM said no to spending a half million dollars on a ballet.
So Freed went to studio head Louis B. Mayer himself and got him to agree, New York said no.
Finally Gene Kelly showed the New York office how a British film, THE RED SHOES used a long ballet sequence and that film became a world wide hit  and is still considered today the premium example of a successful art film.
Well the financial guys finally gave in and signed the checks.There was a break in production after 1 November 1950, at which point Gene Kelly began rehearsing the ballet choreography.
By the time production for that final sequence resumed on 6 December, Vincente Minnelli had finished directing another film - Father's Little Dividend (1951).Irene Sharaff designed a style for each of the ballet sequence sets, reflecting various French impressionist painters: 'Raoul Dufy' (the Place de la Concorde), Edouard Manet (the flower market), Maurice Utrillo (a Paris street), Henri Rousseau (the fair), 'Vincent Van Gogh' (the Place de l'Opera), and Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (the Moulin Rouge).
The backgrounds took six weeks to build, with 30 painters working nonstop.Roger Ebert said after viewing the recent restoration, "An American in Paris has many qualities, not least its famous ballet production number, with Kelly and Leslie Caron symbolizing the entire story of their courtship in dance."
An American In Paris is often compared to SINGIN' IN THE RAIN as to which it the greatest musical ever made, and one critic put it best when he said, "SINGIN' IN THE RAIN makes me happy and An American In Paris makes me feel good."
The ballet represents Kelly's fantasies as depicted by the great French artists (Renoir, Rousseau, Lautrec, Dufy) he admires.
Arranging a screening for the then ailing Raoul Dufy, the actor and producer ducked out until the end credits.
There, relieved, they found the artist, moved to tears, requesting a second helping of the sumptuous finale.The film was also the first to win a Golden Globe award for Best Motion Picture (comedy or musical.
)Gene Kelly received an honorary Academy Award that year for "his versatility as an actor, singer, director and dancer, and specifically for his brilliant achievements in the art of choreography on film."
It was his only Oscar.
I loved Long Way Round and wasn't even aware of Race to Dakar until i saw it on the shelves of my local supermarket.
I bought it and after a slightly 'hmm will this be as good' first episode i decided that it was.
Charlie Boorman was great as were the other members of the crew.
Great to see him with Ewan again.
There was a fair bit of swearing in it but that didn't bother me.
As for their being no mention of it on the package.
Thats more to do with the silly Excempt from Classification certificate that the BBFC have.
They should have given it a 15 just for the language alone.Highly recommended series, i want more!
!
Beautifully filmed, well acted, tightly scripted suspense movie.
Had me on the edge of my seat.
I liked the lead actress very much, and thought the villain was very well done.
Not much to chew on here in the way of a theme, but if you just get in your seat, turn your brain off, watch the fancy camera work, and enjoy the plot, you will have a great time.
The plot is well worn, and regular movie goers will probably know more or less what to expect by about ten minutes in.
But that didn't bother me, as I enjoyed watching it unfold.
In the old days, they might not have focused so tightly on just two characters, and there were some enticing moments when I hoped they were going to let some other people have a few lines.
But these folks were probably right to keep the movie so tightly focused.
The plot got me by the throat fairly early on, and never let go.
It's not a good idea to think too much either during or after the movie.
as I'm not sure it makes a great deal of sense.
Just sit back and enjoy.
The best part of An American In Paris is the lengthy ballet sequence at the end, where Gene Kelly and Leslie Caron are the living personification of several major painters.
Kelly has earlier been established as a pavement artist in Paris, so the sequence is the logical ending to a musical bursting with life and energy, Gershwin tunes, and cast members like Georges Guetary and Oscar Levant.
Kelly was at his best here - it's a little different to Singin' in the Rain, and the effect of all the film as one topped with the ballet gives it a definite wow factor.
No wonder the sequence ended 'That's Entertainment' after all other MGM musical highlights had gone by!
I absolutely LOVE this movie and would really like to have it someday.
It's just a fascinating legend about an eagle who wears a Turquoise necklace, I loved it and would like to see it again!
I don't remember too much about it, but that a Native American boy lives in a nice village with his family, and I don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone.
His sister packs him some food and he goes.
While he's out there, some other Indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle.
The legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a Turquoise necklace, it is the boy.
I was always fascinated with legends, particularly Native American legends and I would love to see this released someday to a DVD, PLEASE RELEASE IT, whoever's concerned!
Those who are not familiar with Cassandra Peterson's alter-ego Elvira, then this is a good place to start.
"Elvira, Mistress of the Dark" starts off with our heroine with the gravity defying boobs receiving a message.
It seems that a great aunt of hers has died and that she needs to be present for the reading of the will.
Anxious to raise money for a show she wants to open in Las Vegas, she decides to go in hopes of getting lots and lots of money.Unfortunately, the place she has to go is the town of Fallwell, Massachusetts.
Having to stay a spell due to her car breaking down, she finds out that her great aunt left her 3 things: a house, a dog and a cookbook.
The town residents have mixed reactions:the teens like her, the women hate her, and the men lust after her (Although trying to remain moral pillars of the community).
Her worst problem turns out to be her great uncle Vincent (W. Morgan Sheppard), because he wants her cookbook.
Seems that the cookbook is a book of spells that will make him a more powerful warlock.The film is actually pretty funny, with Peterson a.k.a.
Elvira using her "endowments" and sexiness as a joke ("And don't forget, tomorrow we're showing the head with two things...
I mean the thing with two heads").
Especially funny as Edie McClurg as Chastity Pariah, the woman that works her hardest to keep the town in line, but ends up looking ridiculous (The picnic scene is the perfect example).
Deserves a peek (The film, not her boobs, of course).
As has been well documented by previous posters, the real stars of Rockstar: INXS - and, indeed it's sequel, Rockstar: Supernova - are Paul Mirkovich, Rafael Moreira, Jim McGorman, Nate Morton and Sasha Krivtsov.
Don't know who they are?
They are the awesome, tight, rockin' House Band whose music savvy and talent made this show something more than a sad American Idol clone.Remember the "strings" night?
That was musical precision and perfection if ever I've seen it.
Suzie McNeil's epic rendition of Queen's 'Bohemian Rhapsody', Ty Taylor's memorable cover of the Stones' 'You Can't Always Get...', JD Fortune singing "Suspicious Minds".
The common denominator here is the awesome House Band.As good as INXS were in their prime, they are sadly a shadow of their former selves, though JD's live performance has somewhat breathed new life into their music, this show is all about the HB.Memo to producers: Season Three (if we're blessed enough to have it happen) should be Rockstar: House Band.
Get those boys a good lead singer and they are going places.
At the time I am writing this I see out of over 15,000 votes it has a 5.8 rating.
Something is wrong with that picture.
Personally I give it a 10.
I can see a 7 at the lowest or a possible 8 if it was rated by people that see this movie for what it truly is.
It is a movie based on a comic book hero.
This movie won more than it's share of awards.
Won 3 Oscars.
Another 5 wins & 26 nominations .... right there tells me it's better than a 5.8.
Some great acting from some very good actors, some great special effects and in my opinion will be if not already a classic for years to come.
If you're looking for pure entertainment be sure to check out Dick Tracy.
Definitely a movie you can watch more than a few times.
Al Pacino is great as Big Boy Caprice.
This is one of the very few movies out there which are very erotic without being pornographic, despite there being only a very rudimentary plot.
There's not much live sound or dialogue; instead, the actors do voice-overs describing their experience, why they participated, etc.It's a document.It's mind-blowing.I can totally understand why nobody else ever tried to do something like this.
There already is something like this.
This.
:-)NB: The producer doesn't have the rights to distribute a DVD version.
I've also never seen it being sold anywhere; one may email Mr. Boerner and order a copy on VHS.
This film is fun, if your a person who likes a good campy feature film every now and then.
By no means is this movie fine cinema, but if you dont take things too seriously, and can laugh at yourself once in a while, Elvira is a good frownbuster.
I have read with great interest the only available comment made before mine on this movie and I would first like to say that I understand the point of view of the previous user who commented on this movie very well: viewed from an Israeli perspective, I can very well imagine that this movie touches upon very sensitive issues and that the slightest detail can have a great importance for a viewer who is more or less directly concerned by the events depicted in this movie.
What I would like to say is that 'Distortion' was shown at a film festival in Geneva in November 2005 (Festival 'Cinéma tout écran') where it won the award of the audience ('Prix du public'in French).
For what affects me, I liked the 'nervous camera' work of Mr Bouzaglo, who, in my opinion, portrayed an atmosphere of extreme tension and uneasiness in the movie very well, and I think that most of the swiss viewers appreciated this in the movie.
This perspective, however, might seem totally 'alien' to an Israeli viewer, but not so surprising when it comes to swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country which has NEVER been subject to any terrorist attack.
It therefore comes as no surprise that the audience in Geneva judged this film with a much more 'detached' perspective.I would also like to quote what Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by a Geneva newspaper (I'm translating from French): ''After 50 years of living here and after undergoing all this violence, we may ask ourselves if it is still possible to remain normal.We might sometimes think that it would be easier to commit suicide than to go on living.
We are like the characters in my movie,''on the edge of the edge''.
This is the reason why the private detective, who is somehow ''voyeur'' is the happiest character in the movie, because he earns a living thanks to the system, he takes advantage of this situation'' This is, in substance, the main thing that I and the swiss public, in my opinion, pointed out in this movie, and that we did not pay attention to some inconsistencies regarding the characters in the movie which the precedent reviewer pointed out with great accuracy and humor.
So, to sum up, different country=different perspective, but I think that this is somehow great, because it reassures me for what affects the future of cinema, that is to say that it well never be subject to a 'unique' of 'formatted' way of thinking.
Robin Williams and Kurt Russell play guys in their 30's who put their marraiges in jeopardy by deciding (Russell somewhat reluctantly) to replay their heartbreaking tie with rival Bakersfield years after the fact.
Williams is ok, but Russell is flat-out great as legendary Taft quarterback Remo Hightower.
Holly Palance does a nice and attractive turn as Williams' wife, who could live without this rematch.
Film is worth watching just to see the famed Remo in action.
Highly recommended.
A THIEF IN THE NIGHT is an excellent fictional account of the weeks leading up to the RAPTURE and the weeks following that pivotal event.I thoroughly enjoyed both the production values and the content values of this independent Christian movie.THE PRODUCTION VALUES.
Hey, it's an independent movie, with a shoe-string budget, so, ya, it's going to look a bit cheesy (if your standard is A-list Hollywood fare).
But, properly compared with other independent movies, this film is perfectly acceptable.
More important than acting style, costumes, and music is the narrative itself.
Is the story compelling?
Do the dramatic moments work?
Does the story trajectory build to a satisfying climax?
The answer to all these questions is an unqualified "yes."
As a side-note, the truly important technical stuff--continuity, sound, lighting--are fine.
The viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by sloppy craftsmanship.CONTENT VALUE.
The message of the movie is superb.
When you consider how many ideas the movie-maker developed within the brief span of 69 minutes, you begin to appreciate his artistry.
He presents the message of salvation, the consequence of unbelief, the danger of backsliding, the truth of the rapture, and the threat of a world-dominating satanic government with flare, imagination, and--most importantly for an evangelical movie--with biblical accuracy.The movie-maker is a good storyteller.
For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) he shows us through action the reality of Jesus Christ's sacrifice for our sake.
This is achieved in a subplot where the zoo-keeper is bit by a poisonous snake and nearly dies.
The only cure is blood from someone who is immune to the snake-poison.
The poison is like sin; the cure is like Christ's blood, shed on the cross.
(2) The filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialog.
He has various characters explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ.
So, the movie-maker uses both action and dialog to tell his story.As a side-note, the fact that a movie produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialog and scenes that convey a clearly delineated message of salvation, couched in explicitly evangelical Christian language, imagery, and theology is also perfectly acceptable.
To criticize this film for being explicitly Christian is absurd; it's akin to criticizing a Nike commercial for promoting sport-wear.
What else would evangelical Christian movie makers make, if not a film that states their case?
Also, the fact that the movie-maker employs the idea that the unbelieving will be left behind in a godless world is, again, perfectly acceptable.
The movie-maker uses the dramatic potential of that idea admirably.
How do I know?
I heard about A THIEF IN THE NIGHT from a woman who saw the show way back in 1974; it still lived in her memory thirty years later.
How many movies can you say that about?
All around, a very enjoyable, thought-provoking show.
I plan on showing it to my teen group at church.
This is a great film.
From reading other reviews, I can see that I'm not the only one who shed a tear.
Tamilyn Tomita acted with such skill and conviction, she made the ending heartfelt and memorable.
In the hands of a lesser actress, her last scene would have seemed trite and corny.
One would never guess this film was done on a tight, limited budget.
The cinematography is gorgeous and there are a number of big name actors.
The script is so wonderful, I can see why they all wanted to be in it.
If you watch the long, long list of credits at the end, you'll see that half of Hawaii pitched in to make this film happen, and for good reason.
The soundtrack (available on CD) is absolutely beautiful and sets the mood throughout the film.
My only "complaint" is that I almost didn't want the film to end.
What makes for Best Picture material?
The Oscars have come in for a lot of stick for rewarding overblown spectacles that have aged poorly, and ignoring the "auteurs" who would be deified in decades to come.
It wasn't because Hollywood was against art or creativity.
The Academy Awards are the selections made by the industry itself, and that is why, at least in the classic era, they tended to reward the greatest collaborations, the most sensational meetings of creative minds.The Arthur Freed unit at MGM had been bound for Oscar-winning glory for several years by this point; it was only a matter of time before Freed, aided by his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and some the finest musical stars in the business, would land a Best Picture.
Freed had arguably done more to raise the status of the musical than anyone else, crafting pictures which wove story and song together without losing the dynamic spectacle of the 30s musicals.
The point about Freed musicals, is that the lyrics of the songs, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, don't have to tell or even relate to the stories.
What's important is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit into the structure of the film.An American in Paris was the first of three Freed musicals (the other two being Singin' in the Rain and The Band Wagon) which took existing classic numbers out of their original context and made them work in a completely unrelated story.
The words don't fit the plot, but the routines fit the show.
So, when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, he hasn't even got a girl yet, but the way it's done with the French kids joining in is a great bit of characterisation, and the upbeat tune and dance gives the movie the little lift it needs at this point.
An American in Paris also uses the rule-breaking allowed in the genre to add little unconventional flights of fancy to tell the story, such as the series of dances which accompany the description of Leslie Caron's character.And what better director for this project than Minnelli, himself a painter and a pianist?
At this time there wasn't really anyone who had a better feel for Technicolor.
While some directors would saturate each scene in one colour or fill the screen with clashing shades, Minnelli's colour schemes are tightly controlled but never look forced.
In the opening scenes the tones are fairly muted, but not drab, and in particular there is an absence of red.
During Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary's meeting in the café, a few more vibrant shades are introduced.
Then, during the first musical number, "By Strauss" Minnelli gradually brings in splashes of red  a table cloth, a bunch of roses  until it eventually dominates, as if the song has awoken the picture's colour scheme.
For most of the songs, the colours are choreographed as intricately as the people.
However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la" he keeps the shades the same and instead opens out the space as the song swells up and the characters become more animated.The Achilles' heel of An American in Paris is its story.
I personally find the romantic angle particularly unpalatable, playing as it does like a last hurrah for the misogynistic love stories that reigned supreme in the 30s; the headstrong, independent woman gets rejected while the meek, delicate girl is harassed into loving the hero.
Even if you don't mind that, it is difficult to connect emotionally with the story because it is constantly overshadowed by the songs and dances.
Compare this to Singin' in the Rain, which doesn't really have as many great routines or memorable set-pieces as An American in Paris, but it has a winning storyline.
Singin' in the Rain was overlooked at the 1952 Oscars, yet it is regarded as a classic of the genre today.
But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is an all-encompassing form of visual entertainment, not just a means of telling a story.
An American in Paris is not deep or engaging or tear-jerking but, like a certain DeMille picture that won the top award the following year, it certainly is a great show.
... Oxford, Mississippi, at least.
Okay, the Paris we get is Paris, Culver City apart from the Establishing library footage of the real McCoy but it IS Paris in spirit than which nothing, nowhere, is better.
Okay, Kelly is no Astaire but then who is and Caron is no Hepburn, ditto but Alan Lerner is light years ahead of the vastly overrated Comden and Green who scripted Kelly's other 'big' 50s musical Singin' In The Rain (a curious replication of lyricists writing screenplays featuring songs by OTHER lyricists and just to balance things the Gershwin numbers are far superior to the Arthur Freed/Nacio Herb Brown numbers so Alan Lerner didn't have to feel too outclassed).
The story needn't detain us any more than the anomalies -Kelly hasn't got change of a match and is a painter, i.e.
bohemian, yet he is able to scare up a perfectly good suit at a few hours notice when Foch invites him to dinner at her hotel; in the well-documented Love Is Here To Stay sequence the lovers are strangely unmolested by passers-by, other lovers and the bridge in the background is totally free of both pedestrian and vehicular traffic - this is, after all, a feelgood musical so it stands or falls by the score and in this case it stands four square.
As feel good musicals go it's definitely in the top 10.
Then you must see this film, to understand the reality.
Having read the book, Ms. Duke is now an advocate for those afflicted with bipolar disorder; formerly labeled manic-depression.It is hard to believe that in this day and age, people still critique others with emotional problems, or those who seek psychiatric help.
Regressive and discriminatory thinking still exists, and this is unfortunate.In this film, the audience sees the pain and suffering Ms. Duke had been through, especially as a child.
Many of us may remember her from the teenage "Patty Duke Show".
She was a household name in America by age 15.You learn of her exploitation by the Ross'(well played by Howard Hesseman).
As she was growing up in the 1950's, the stigma was in full-force.
However, we see as she advances in her career, yet the illness becomes worse.
She goes through bouts of substance abuse and promiscuity; even marries someone whom she divorces the next week; and she has several conflicts and tantrums with her children and elderly mother.
All these problem occurred before she received adequate therapy, and medication.A recent survey released by NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness) recorded that a majority of US adults fail to recognize most of the classic symptoms of bipolar disorder.
It also was released that one in five respondents to the poll believed that people could CONTROL their illness without medication if they wanted to.
(bp Magazine, Winter 2006) If you watch this film, you will learn the true story of a talented woman who could not "pull herself up by her bootstraps" and "get well" until she was educated about her disorder, and received proper treatment.
Thank you, Ms. Duke, for being an advocate against ignorance and prejudice.
What can one say about Elvira that hasn't already been said in the world's press?
The classic comedienne that IS Elvira delivers in her first full-length big budget comedy masterpiece.From the very first movie frame thingy, Elvira packs an acting punch that clearly says Film Great....eat your heart out, Bette Davis!
See a forlorn Elvira, see an excitable Elvira, see a jealous Elvira, see a murderous Elvira.
You can do nothing but marvel at her acting prowess!At the heart of this comedy masterpiece is Elvira's desire for Las Vegas show stardom.
Despite putting "the boob back in the boobtube" as a horror hostess (with the mostest), Elvira finds the small screen constrictive emotionally....and PHYSICALLY!
Nuff said, she packs up her kitbag and heads East....a hotdog in one hand and a letter from her Aunt's lawyer outlining her inheritance 'windfall' in the other.I've seen this movie so many times, I can almost recite it verbatim....(verbatim would just be showing off)!Grab a copy, laugh yourself silly, learn the lines....Why she didn't win the Best Actress Oscar for this role is beyond me.
I'd love to give Kolchak a higher rating but the show quickly went from scary/suspenseful to silly.
ABC's fault.
They moved the show to Friday nights at 8:00 p.m., then known as the "family hour".
Never should have been on Fridays in the first place.
I was a sophomore in high school and loved the early episodes!
It was first up against Police Woman on NBC.
ABC had huge problems with Friday nights.
Bad season for them overall until Barney Miller, Baretta, and SWAT debuted in January of '75.
Kolchak should have been a hit.
Darren McGavin begged to get out of his contract to end the show.
Too bad the writing wasn't up to Richard Matheson's in the original TV movies.
Still, McGavin made Kolchak his own, as actors can do.
Jackie Gleason as Ralph Kramden and Caroll O'Connor as Archie Bunker come to mind.
That INS set with the manual typewriters and clacking teletypes seems quaint and ancient today, yet that was part of the appeal.
They were very lucky to have Simon Oakland reprise "Vincenzo" from the TV films.
CitizenX(1995) is the developing world's answer to Silence of the Lambs.
Where `Silence' terrorized our peace of mind, `Citizen' exhausts and saddens us instead.
This dramatization of the Chikatilo case translates rather well, thanks to a Westernized friendship between two Rostov cops who become equals.CitizenX may also argue against(!)
the death penalty far better than Kevin Spacey's The Life of David Gayle(2002).Humans are Machiavellian mammals, under which lie limbic brains (lizard-logic).
Why did two kids, who knew better, stone to death a toddler they kidnapped?
Why do bloodthirsty women yell `li-lilililililii' at acts of OBSCENE terrorism?
-My own term for this is `limbic domination', the lizard-logic urge to dominate an `enemy'.
If you have the words `enemy'/`vengeance' in your vocabulary, you're easily capable of `limbic domination'.In WWII-devastated 1980s Rostov (located at the mouth of the Don river near the Black Sea), nothing suppressed Andrei Chikatilo's urge for `limbic domination' from overpowering his layers of civilization.
Chikatilo(Jeffrey DeMunn)'s easy victims were paupers, usually children, who rode the interurban train for fun, since they couldn't afford anything else.CitizenX reminds us that the denials of a rampant Soviet bureaucracy cost the lives of 52 such `lambs'.
Rostov's serial killer roamed free for almost 7 years AFTER the police arrested and let him go.The politicization of crimefighting is harmful to police forces everywhere.
Although policing routinely suffers from corruption all over the world, in the west, vote-grabbing by politicians can set up chronic inter-agency rivalries, stymieing a more coordinated response to crime.
In the Soviet Union of CitizenX, however, Viktor Burakov(Stephen Rea)'s Killer Department was suffering from a repressive bureaucracy.Geoffrey DeMunn plays the psychosexually inadequate Chikatilo with faultless but understated authority--to the point of complete obscurity.
In real life, too, Chikatilo had a lifetime's experience blending in and evading capture.His pursuer, on the other hand, sticks out as a strange bird, given to unheralded, naive outbursts.
Perhaps by design, Stephen Rea gives a very strange performance as forensics chief Burakov.
Rea's Russian accent is impenetrable; and his Burakov is humourless and sullen, at odds with everyone.So it's Donald Sutherland who walks away with the picture.
Sutherland's Col.Fetisov, Burakov's boss, and at first his only supporter, is an overly restrained, patient Militiaman whose dignified carriage bears testimony to decades of bureaucratic machinations.
His reawakening as a logic-driven yet still passionate cop becomes the film's cornerstone idealism.Joss Ackland does another turn as a vicious apparatchik, Secretary of Communist Ideology Bondarchuk, overseeing the investigation.
Naturally, he quashed the arrest of the most likely suspect, a Communist, in 1984, a man carrying rope and a knife in his bag, supposedly going home: Andrei Chikatilo.Soon, he replaced Burakov with another Moscow apparatchik, Detective Gorbunov(John Wood), insisting that the investigation now focus on `known homosexuals'.
The funniest scene of this sad, sad film comes during Bondarchuk's & Gorbunov's institutionalized harassment: one stupid cop earnestly reports, `As I suspected, comrade, it's fornication.
I've made some drawings'--cue howling laughter.5yrs after the bodies began piling up, in 1987, the police finally tried soliciting criminal profiles.
The only cooperating Soviet psychiatrist was Dr Aleksandr Bukhanovsky(Max Von Sydow), who termed the UNSUB `CitizenX'.
He later also observed to Fetisov & Burakov that `...together you make a wonderful person'.
We concur.The drawn-out pace, spread over a decade, perfectly captures the institutional inertia of Glasnost--`openness'--that wasn't.
The contrast with Perestroika--`restructuring'--couldn't've been greater for the case.
Although Chikatilo was still prowling railway stations, police plans were about to bear fruit.In 1990, Col.Fetisov was expeditiously promoted to General.
His nemesis Bondarchuk disappeared off the scene, allowing the investigation to finally proceed without political interference.
Staff, communications, publicity--suddenly all were available.
In just one night of telephoning around, Fetisov got his depressed forensics chief access to the FBI's Serial Murder Task Force at Quantico, where, Fetisov discovered, staff are regularly rotated off serial murder cases to stave off just such psychological damage to investigators.Fetisov advises his newly promoted forensics chief, now `Colonel' Burakov, of all these changes in an avalanche of confession that becomes the movie's powerhouse watershed scene.
Fetisov's is the most tender apology I've ever seen on film: `Privately, I offer my deepest apologies to you and your wife.
I hope that someday you can forgive me my ignorance', he almost whispers.A HBO production, CitizenX is a film of the highest caliber.
Not only do the exteriors look authentically bleak (shot exclusively in the most run-down parts of otherwise spectacular Budapest), but Randy Edelman's soaring soundtrack is entirely overwhelming--and frequently our only respite from the bleak brutality.
Those who speak Hungarian will recognize the many Hungarian accents and credits.Chikatilo's actual murders are depicted as bleak, aberrant behaviour born of character flaws and ignorance in an equally bleak world.
This makes the murders seem not-entirely-out-of-place--but of course they were.
As President Kennedy reminded us, `we all cherish the futures of our children'.CitizenX communicates perfectly that killing is far more grisly and obscene than any vengeance fantasy might imply.
Serial rapists rape to dominate; serial killers kill to dominate.
So do some soldiers.
Such `limbic dominators' make poor humans.WARNING-SPOILER:----------------------------------------------- The real Andrei Chikatilo WAS the world's most prolific known serial killer.
Convicted, he was executed in 1992 in the manner of all Soviet Union death sentences: one shot, in the back of the head.
Foolishly, such methods destroy any possibility of studying a deviant brain after death.Conclusion:------------------------------------------------------------ The best outcome is always the prevention of killings, not their prosecution.
Executions merely guarantee society's failure to learn from the complex reality of victims' deaths when we dispatch even anecdotal evidence of HOW/WHY they died.
Nor do killers learn regret if they're dead.Vengeance doesn't unkill victims.
Baying for the killer's blood constitutes nothing better than counter-domination--once it's too late.Vengeance on behalf of the grieving isn't justice for the deceased--it's appeasement of the living.
(10/10)
Since the start of her career in the 70's and vastly throughout the exuberant 80's, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown into a modest icon and genuine cult figure in the world of horror & bad monster movies.
While Ms. Peterson has taken on various supporting roles in motion pictures, covering a wide variety in genres, it was her TV-character Elvira that brought her the most fame.
Part of her charm  and respect from the fans  lies in the fact she never turned her back on the horror genre that made her famous (unlike many other big name actors & actresses that like to distantiate themselves from their "early" work).
I've seen only bits & pieces of her TV performances, but her cameo role in Ghoultown's recent tribute song "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to check out more of her stuff.
One thing had been clear to me already long before this music video: Over the years, Elvira had become a force of influence herself by the time the mid-80's came around.And in 1988, after films like "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" incorporated homages to and spoofs on her TV-work, it finally happened: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", the motion picture.
Now, I had seen the trailer for it already back in the VHS rental days, but it took me until last week to finally see the actual film.
A few years ago, I did manage to watch "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason it didn't impress me all that much.
Was it really that forgettable, or should I give it another watch?
I actually really do feel like re-watching it now, as this first Elvira film from '88 really convinced me.
Though perhaps partly responsible for making this film work, might be Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contributions to the script, there really is no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great feel for comedy (she also co-wrote the screenplay).When Elvira learns she's one of the beneficiaries of a Great Aunt (she never heard of before), she takes it as the long cherished opportunity to start up her own show in Las Vegas.
Out to claim her rightfully inherited money, she travels to a quiet New England town.
But the uptight townspeople of Falwell are in for a treat.
In less than no time she manages to shock and insult all noteworthy inhabitants of the conservative little town with her (often unintentionally) provocative behaviour.
To make things worse, her inheritance turns out not to be what she expected: A rundown mansion, a cookbook and a poodle.
But what she doesn't know, and her evil uncle Vincent Albot does, is that her Great Aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes to concoct the most hellishly dark powers imaginable.
And if you haven't turned off the movie yet by the time Elvira has cooked up her first dish from the recipe-book, then rest assured, you're going to sit out this ride with a smile on your face.It's surprising how a script rigged together with boob-jokes, witty one-liners, movie references, inside jokes and bade taste merriment also manages to tell a coherent story.
Simple, of course, but coherent.
While other movies, heavily relying on gag-like situations, often make you loose track of the story completely (like the "Naked Gun" films, for example), this film doesn't.
A lot of horror-comedies were being produced during the 80's, but not a lot of them actually worked.
Let alone a horror-spoof that doesn't derail at some point ("Killer Party", although I'm grateful for this one going completely bonkers during the finale) or becomes too tedious too quickly ("Saturday the 14th").
Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, it doesn't loose track of what it's doing and consistently builds up towards a mildly grotesque finale, complete with a supernatural showdown in the streets of Falwell between newborn witch Elvira and evil uncle wizard Talbot, including a real honest-to-god witch hunt and Elvira's very own burn-at-the-stake moment.I'm telling you, there's no power in hell that could make this movie unfunny.
One of the first giggles I got was during the opening credits already, when Daniel Greene's name appeared.
Daniel who?
Oh yes, I recognized his name (and later on his dim-witted macho-face).
How can one not forget Daniel Greene once you've seen... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"!
But if you haven't seen "Atomic Cyborg", then I'm sorry, but you won't be able to laugh with his face in this one.
And on a side-note: I never could have imagined Elvira looking this cool while ignorantly driving away from a gas station.
Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made that shot look any better.
The Best of Times is one of the great sleepers of all time.
The setup does not tax your patience, the development is steady, the many intertwined relationships are lovingly established, the gags and bits all work and all are funny.
There is lots of sentimentality.
Kurt Russell playing Reno Hightower puts in one of his best performances, and Robin Williams playing Jack Dundee is sure-footed as ever.
The cast also includes many great supporters.
Jack's wife is played by Jack Palance's daughter, who is lovely, as is Reno's wife, who is a great comedian.
I can't tell you how many times I've watched this movie, how many times I have enjoyed it and how often I wish that more people could see it.
A surprisingly complex and well crafted study of "The First" serial killer in the USSR.
Set in the days of perestroika this intense piece is brought to full life with the performances of Stephen Reah and Donald Sutherland.This examination of Cicatillo as a killer is well rounded and by hinting at some of his behaviors while out right showing others there is a subtlety that is compelling without being overtly graphic.
Not for the weak of heart however as it's subject matter is often disturbing but necessary to it's full development of the main participants in this fact based story.HBO has furnished us with an excellent film in an unusual manner.
Congrats to the director and editor of this great piece.
It is in my Top 10 Must see list.
One of my favorite shows back in the '70s.
As I recall it went to air on Friday (or possibly Saturday)night on the Nine Network (?)
here in Australia.
Darren McGavin and Simon Oakland were great together.Each episode usually reached a climax with Kolchack having to engage in hand to hand combat with some sort of supernatural opponent.
To their credit, the writers made a concerted effort to get away from the usual round of vampires and ghosts as much as possible.I remember one episode in which the adversary was the spirit of an ancient Indian Chief which/who 'came back' as a massive electrical current which started to kill people in a city hospital.
The final showdown saw Kolchack trying to short circuit the 'power beast' amidst an explosion of sparks and billowing flames.
Oh well .... you had to be there at the time but it was an interesting idea.McGavin always packed a lot of energy and enthusiasm into his roles and this was one of his best.Definitely deserves a place in TV's "Hall of Fame".
To quote Tony Vincenzo .... 'Kolchack you are ON IT '... Or, in the case of the Hall of Fame,'IN it' !
I loved this film because in my mind it seemed to so perfectly capture what I imagined life in French colonial Africa must have been like in the 50's ("my" generation anyway).
But I was truly enraptured by its quiet pacing and by the glorious ending.
Within the last 5 minutes of this film, you must focus intently on what's happening.
Never have I been more impressed with the "wrap-up" of a film.
I remember yelling "wow!"
when I realized it was over.
On the other hand, my two daughters fell asleep on the couch!
!
This is a very intriguing short movie by David Lynch, and saying the name David Lynch is probably enough for a lot of people.
This is your typical Lynch short.
A blonde and a brunette are in a dark room.
The blonde has been crying, the brunette is talking in a threatening way to the blonde, and that's about it.With a lot of silent moments, but with the haunting music from Angelo Badalamenti, there is a strange form of suspense.
This short feels a little like 'Mulholland Dr.', a movie I loved, and therefore I liked this one as well.
It is probably especially for Lynch fans but there is a chance you like this.
You'll probably never see it, but the uncut version is about 50% better than the one you can buy.
Put it another way: once you've seen it in its original form, the current version is only half as good.It's still wildly creative and sick, a total success on so many levels.
Full House is a great show.
I am still today growing up on it.
I started watching it when i was 8 and now i am 12 and still watching it.
i fell in love with all of the characters, especially Stephanie.
she is my favorite.
she had such a sense of humor.
in case there are people on this sight that hardly watch the show, you should because you will get hooked on it.
i became hooked on it after the first show i saw, which just happened to be the first episode, in 2002. it really is a good show.
i really think that this show should go down to many generations in families.
and it's great too because it is an appropriate show for all ages.
and for all parents, it teaches kids lessons on how to go on with their life.
nothing terrible happens, like violence or swearing.
it is just a really great sit-com.
i give it 5 out of 5 stars.
what do you think?
OH and the best time to watch it is when you are home sick from school or even the old office.
It will make you feel a lot better.
Trust me i am hardly home sick but i still know that it will make you feel better.
and to everybody that thinks the show is stupid, well that's too bad for you because you won't get as far in life even if you are happy with your life.
you really should watch it and you will get hooked on it.
i am just telling you what happened to me and everybody else that started watching this awesome show.
well i need must go to have some lunch.
remember you must start watching full house and soon!
Full House is a great family show.
However, after watching some episodes over and over again I've realized that they're incredibly boring and they seem to shelter themselves from the outside world a lot.
Yes, there is a lot of comedy, but there are times when it's incredibly cheesy.
It's not like I hate it, but just don't watch them over and over again because they get old quick.
Probably the best season is the first.Full House is about widower Danny Tanner(Bob Saget)and his three daughters D.J.
(Candace Cameron) Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin) and Michelle (Mary-Kate and Ashley).
When Danny's wife dies the he is in need of some help.
So, his best friend Joey (Dave Coulier) and the girls' Uncle Jesse (John Stamos) moves in with them.
Once they live there together they find they can't live without each other.
Full House reminds you just how important family is and that you can always go home again.
A vastly underrated black comedy, the finest in a series of grand guignol movies to follow 'Baby Jane'.
Reynolds and Winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'Compulsion') who run away to hide in Hollywood.
They run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of hilariously untalented kids attended by awful stage moms.
Debbie, in her blonde wig ('I'm a Harlow, you're more a Marion Davies' she tells Winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, Weaver.
She also does a deliciously funny tango and, over all, gives an outstanding performance, unlike anything she'd done before.
The atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie.
It looks wonderful with great period detail (30's).
Lots of lovely swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot.
Micheal MacLiammoir has a ball as the drama coach: 'Hamilton Starr', he purrs, 'two r's but prophetic nonetheless'.
See it and love it.
Well, what can I say, this movie really got to me, it's not so bad, as many say, I really loved it, although the idea seems so simple, and rather boring, it isn't.
First of all I enjoyed the soundtrack (Bryan Adams), it really goes with the movie.
Second the simple story, and the drama of Spirit gets your attention.
One thing I like the most is that they didn't give the stallion a human voice to interact with the other horses, it makes the movie more realistic, not many animations seem realistic now do they ?, but...
I don't know, making animals talk is just so... lame.One of the most beautiful animations of 2002 in my opinion, I recommend it to everyone, not just the kids :), because it is very relaxing.
i thought this movie was wonderfully plotted it made me confused and my cousin who watched it with me.to tell the truth i think that the younger kevin dillon was hot.hahahaha...but i also thought the girl was stupid to go along with the cop and that was wrong what he said to her before his death"i was inside you".i think that's what she gets for doing what she did with him and how is he going to tell her that she's too young when he never cared how old the other girls were.
?now i don't think i myself could ever trust a cop like that.but to tell the truth it was pretty obvious it was him even if he was wanting to become a cop i would still be suspicious of him either way.and that was funny when she sprayed him in the eye in the store.hahahahaha.she was still stupid for going into the warehouse again by herself and so was the cop who died HELLO!!
it's called back-up.sometimes these movies make me mad when people act stupid and do stupid things.but that's what i think an thought about the movie.
If you have any sort of appreciation for character and dialogue, and any sense of American cultural history, you will find a lot of very absorbing material in this film.
It probably was originally a play, and that's why it's dialogue heavy, but I can't stress enough how these icons that we only have a shallow understand of are made into truly complex and wonderful characters.This film is better than any college course for telling you how to create a character-driven story.
When I was flicking through the TV Guide, and came across "Twisted Desire" on the movie section, I read it's description.
Three words caught my eye "Melissa Joan Hart" ...I find her role in "Sabrina: The Teenage Witch" absolutely vile, I hate those kind of programs, so I was just thinking that it was going to be a boring old, love story starring her...Little did I know.It finally started on the television, I had my bucket ready in case I were to puke over it's cheesiness or soppiness, you know what I mean.
At first, you think she's just a nice, ordinary girl who's in love, but has mean parents.
Then when you find out she's manipulated her boyfriend into killing her parents, so she could be with her TRUE love, you're like "Whoa".
You just don't expect this sort of role for that sort of actress.
She played her role very well in my opinion, I never expected her to be able to act like such a bitch, and voilà, she did it perfectly!
Congrats to her, the movie was very good, I'd definitely watch it again and recommend it to others.
I saw this film when I was 10 or 11 years old, alone in my parent's basement on a Saturday night.
It was being shown on "Chiller Theatre," a regular fright feature that I watched religiously as a young 'un.
Now, I have seen many old horror films thanks to Chiller Theatre, but none ever stuck with me like "Danse Macabre," a.k.a.
"Castle of Blood."
I am 51 now, and only last year was I fortunate enough to locate a relatively recent, quality DVD edition of this wonderfully shudder-inducing supernatural classic, having thought I'd never manage to see it again.
I have already watched it four more times, and cannot seem to get tired of it.They just don't make spook films like this one anymore.
Haunted catacombs and mist-enshrouded graveyards just don't work as well in color as they did in black and white back in the day.
Anyway, this one has Edgar Allen Poe and Barbara Steele, deliciously shadowy, cobweb-wrap'ed haunted castle sets, restless spirits re-enacting their deaths... and a wickedly ironic ending.IMO, this one's right up there with Robert Wise's "The Haunting," "The Innocents" (with Deborah Kerr), and the more recent "The Others."
people claim its edited funny but they had to cut it down substantially in post production.
i have harry as a professor right now at ucsd, and honestly its one of the best classes I've had, its rather funny to here about what happened in making the film cause harry is so animated.
i originally watched "joy of life" for another class where harry did a voice over in the film, and started watching this film after i started the class.
Harry originally did some performance work, and is really genuine about creating moments that move you, especially when you have to re edit things until you hit on that moment, but its something you see in this film.
A lovely little B picture with all the usual Joe Lewis touches.... people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear.
Also, alas, an ending that comes out of nowhere, because, apparently, the auteur has lost interest in the movie, or perhaps because as a B picture it has to fit into a slot.
Hardcastle and McCormick is an excellent TV show.
Yes, it is predictable much like The Dukes of Hazzard, Hunter, The A-Team, etc etc etc.This show is just good clean television.
The relationship between Hardcastle and McCormick is quite amusing.
They often take jabs at each other several times an episode, which adds a great deal of humor to the show.
It contains several car chases in almost every episode, but, who doesn't enjoy a good car chase?
Especially with the Coyote!
I only wish they made clean television like this today I highly recommend this!
"A Guy Thing" may not be a classic, but it sure is a good, funny comedy.
The plot focuses on Paul (Jason Lee), who wakes up the morning after his bachelor party with no memory and Becky (Julia Stiles) lying naked in his bed.
Before he can figure out what happened, he rushes Becky out of his apartment because his fiance Karen (Selma Blair) is coming.
After that, as you could imagine, chaos ensues.Almost every single scene in "A Guy Thing" delivers loud laughs.
The funniest moments come from when Paul imagines what could happen if he tells Karen.
Selma Blair is a truly talented comedian, and the worst thing about this film is that she goes underused.
Although, she turns out to be more funny than Stiles' character, who actually isn't that interesting.
Of course, not every comedy is perfect.As I said, "A Guy Thing" is no classic, but it's not bad either, 7/10.
When I saw that this film was only 80 minutes long, I thought we were in trouble.
Condensing the gigantic W. Somerset Maugham novel down to a movie that clocks in at under an hour and a half seemed like a disaster waiting to happen.
But you know, the movie's not half bad, and it even manages to retain much of what makes the book resonate so much with its readers.I've heard many film buffs complain that Leslie Howard was a wet noodle of an actor, and he was, but I can't think of anyone more suited to play the role of Philip Carey than a wet noodle, for that's certainly what Carey is.
Howard plays him well, which means you want to shake him and slap him upside the head repeatedly, then finally take him out and buy him a spine.Ah, and then there's Bette, as the girl with whom Carey is obsessed and who brings his world crashing down around him.
I didn't know what on earth the appeal of Mildred was in the book, and the movie stays true to that detail.
But as played by Davis, she does become the most fascinating character in the story, and if she's nasty and unlikable, she's at least the most dynamic person on screen at any given time.
Davis's performance here is credited with changing the course of screen acting, much as Brando's would do nearly 20 years later when he screamed out "Stella!!"
in that little-known Tennesee Williams play, and it's not hard to see why.
Davis is intense to the point of scary.
She makes no effort to wring any sympathy from the audience, and she allows herself to look ugly and most unglamorous.
Her appearance when Carey walks in on her late in the film to find her dead or nearly dead of an unnamed disease (though not much care is taken to hide the fact that it's an STD) is shocking.
Of course, it helps that this movie squeaked out just before the Production Code went into effect; if it had been made a year later, you can bet things would have been a bit different.Yes, much of the novel, and many of its most interesting parts, are left on the cutting room floor, and the story really does become about Carey and Mildred and not much else.
I found that to be the least interesting and most tedious part of Maugham's novel, but it is the part that gives the novel its title and seems to be the part that readers are still drawn to now, so it strikes me as a wise decision on the part of the film makers that they chose to adapt the novel the way they did.Grade: B+
What is so taboo about love?!
People seem to have major problems with the transgenered.The title of this movie didn't catch my eye.
It was a grainy shot about 4 minutes into the movie is what made me stop channel surfing.
I could not believe how freaking amazing this film was.
It touches on so many levels of human emotion that it did not once fail to move me in some way.
It is by far one of the best independent films I have ever seen.
I did not view these characters as either gender, just human.
I would recommend it to anyone who loves movies.
Especially independent films.
Praise to all fearless filmmakers!
This movie has a lot of comedy, not dark and Gordon Liu shines in this one.
He displays his comical side and it was really weird seeing him get beat up.
His training is "unorthodox" and who would've thought knot tying could be so deadly??
Lots of great stunts and choreography.
Very creative!Add Johnny Wang in the mix and you've got an awesome final showdown!
Don't mess with Manchu thugs; they're ruthless!
Italy produced a lot of really great and original horror films in the 1960's - and this is certainly one of them!
The first thing you will notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the film.
Shot in beautiful black and white, and due to director Antonio Margheriti's use of lighting; the film almost looks like it could be a German expressionistic horror film.
This, coupled with the horror-filled plot line ensures that Danse Macabre is a film that truly captures the essence of horror.
Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film doesn't harm matters - and the good news continues as, in this film, she gets to flex her acting muscles more than she did in the films that made her famous.
The plot is very aware of the time in which this was released, and so incorporates the great Edgar Allen Poe.
We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood that he can't spend an entire night in the latter's creepy old castle.
Everyone that has spent the night there previously has died...and our hero is about to meet the previous wager-takers!
Nowadays, horror films don't tend to focus so much on each shot and the result is that there isn't much beauty left in the genre.
It is refreshing, therefore, to see this film.
Many of the shots here are incredibly beautiful - from the female side of the couple wearing just a see-through skirt, to my personal favourite - a shot of smoke creeping in from under a door.
This my first Antonio Margheriti film, and even after seeing just this one; it's obvious that he was one of Italy's premier directors.
Also interesting is the fact that screenplay was co-written by another of the Italian greats; Django creator Sergio Corbucci.
The plot can meander a little too much at times, but there's always enough atmosphere on hand to make sure that the film never becomes boring - and the fact that it is always intriguing, even when the plot slows down, ensures the same thing.
The way that Danse Macabre utilises the 'haunted house' theme is both well done and original, and helps to keep the story as eerie as possible.
On the whole, fans of Italian and/or cult cinema will not want to miss this little gem!
Ahh, Talespin!
What can I say that hasn't already been said about this great show?
Nothing!
This is without a doubt one of the most well-written shows I've ever encountered, live-action or animation.
The newer stuff is way too dumbed down for my tastes, and some of the "mature" stuff I have to shoo kids out of the room for.
But not Talespin.The stories are engaging and very plausible.
Some of them could even be stretched out to an hour or two for a movie.
Episodes like Stormy Weather and Her Chance to Dream are very dramatic while still being enjoyable for kids and adults alike.
Then there are the pure comedy episodes such as the Bluest of the Baloo Bloods and Stuck on you, where the emphasis is on hilarity.
I can laugh myself to tears in a few choice ones.The drama aspect is very lacking in most shows nowadays(at least, those which aren't specifically geared toward it), especially in cartoons.
In the episode Stormy Weather for instance, Kit Cloudkicker decides that he's going to join an air circus, but Baloo believes that it would be too dangerous.
In the biggest fight of the episode, Baloo yells at Kit to stay away from Daring Dan, to which Kit screams "NO!
You can't tell me what to do!
YOUR'RE *NOT* *MY* *DAD*!"
and buries his face in his pillow.
The next day he leaves for the air circus.
This kind of drama is a rarity in a cartoon, and would be most welcome in the ones created nowadays.The Characters have a lot of depth to them.
Baloo is pretty much the way he is in The Jungle Book, plus or minus a few degrees of laziness.
Rebecca is a cunning business woman whose ideas on getting money, while good in theory, are seldom good in practice.
Molly is a cute little girl, but you can't let that deceive you.
She can be a real hellion sometimes.
Kit Cloudkicker is a darker character than the rest.
He doesn't trust adults much unless they appeal to him, and he has a tendency to break off relationships.
Watch his expression in Plunder and Lightning when he grabs the grappling hook: he looks as though he's prepared to put it right through a pirate.In the end, it's the drama combined with the very real chemistry between the characters that makes this show #1 in my book.
The relationship between Baloo and Kit is very real, almost father and son.
This is demonstrated well in All's Whale That Ends Whale when Baloo takes Kit's word for it that Seymour is abusing the animals in his aquarium instead of siding with the other adults.
Baloo and Becky's relationship is also realistic, due to Baloo's motivation for working comes from wanting to buy back the ol' Sea Duck, not necessarily a desire to help Rebecca.
But something tells me that if he did get the Duck back he'd still do jobs for Rebecca.The Sea Duck, not to mention all the other planes in the series, is pretty realistically designed.
The plane's functions don't change once throughout the series(continuity like that is hard to come by also), and unlike most other "super-planes" of other cartoons, it doesn't have one single weapon on board(unless you count mangoes!
), and relies instead on it's cunning pilot's great skill to get out of trouble.
It's hard to think of a hero vehicle that doesn't have some sort of gun turret, laser cannon, or even a handgun somewhere on board.
And the fact that they use their heads to get out of trouble is so hard to find in a cartoon nowadays.
Plus it's just such a darn cool design!This is definitely the best cartoon.
Ever.
Period.
Definitely worth all ten stars!
Simply well written, directed and acted... Woody's best of the 2000's if not his best since the 80's!!
Hugh Jackman was the perfect pick for his roll.
Scarlett Johansson's banter with Woody proves how well rounded an actress she has become.It's refreshing to not being in a romance on screen with the leading lady.
He plays the perfect bumbling magician.There have been a few reviews maligning this movie.
Don't let them stop you from seeing the wonderfully done film.
People in the crowd I saw this with were laughing so loud at some lines i missed the next line.
If you like Woody Allen films of the 70's, you'll regret missing this one.I suggest you go to watch this film with an open mind, if you do, you might walk out smiling.
I remember seeing this film at the West End theater in Louisville, Kentucky when I was a boy.
The scene where Dr. Carmus finds the gardener's coffin, and the breathing dead body therein, was the scariest part of the movie for me, only intensified by the darkness of the film.
I also wondered about the people hanging from the trees at the end, until I recognized the part of the film in which the family name of the Blackwoods was changed from Blackblood, due to the fact that in the family history there was a character who was known for his many hangings of various people.
Sir Thomas Blackwood seemed to get his kicks out of adding to the deaths caused by his family.
I also noticed that as Foster first enters the gate of the cemetery, he is careful in noticing the sharp object of the gate, where he meets his end.
I would not hesitate to recommend this film to horror movie lovers.
This movie can be described in those 2 words "just unbelievable".
This is the best movie ever made, I just cant see why this movie isnt in the top 250.
I also can't see why anybody would not love Scarface.
Anyways, if you havnt seen it, it is a must buy.
Well-made but basically dreary low-life melodrama which, according to the accompanying interview with lead Isabelle Huppert, writer/director Pialat infused with a good deal of autobiographical detail; given the mainly unsympathetic characters involved, it doesn't do him any compliments - and he does seem to have been a troubled man, as Huppert also says that Pialat often disappeared for days on end during the shoot!
The acting is uniformly excellent, however; despite their relatively young age, Huppert and co-star Gerard Depardieu (as the title character!)
were already at the forefront of modern French stars - a status which, with varying degrees of success, they both still hold to this day.I have 3 more of Pialat's films in my "VHS To Watch" pile, albeit all in French without English Subtitles; due to this fact but also LOULOU'S oppressive realism - in spite of its undeniable artistic merit - I can't say that I'm in any particular hurry to check them out now...
I was going to give it an 8, but since you people made 6.5 out of a lot better votes, I had to up my contribution.
The river Styx was pure genius.
Sure, Woody was his perennial stuff, but at least his role was appropriate.
The first half hour was really hilarious, and then the rest of the movie was easy to watch.
The dialog was clever enough, and Woody's card tricks at the parties, along with the reaction from the upper crust, were fun to watch.
This was much better than the newspaper critics made it sound out to be.
And a plus, a little Sorcerer's Apprentice to go along with it.
And of course, did you notice that Johansen is getting a bit frumpy?
Charles Dance is always entertaining, as was Hugh Jackman.
When American author Edgar Allan Poe visits London, he is approached by British journalist Alan Foster, who becomes the target of a peculiar wager.
Not believing Poe's assertion that all of his macabre stories have been based on actual experience, Foster accepts a bet from Poe and his friend Sir Thomas Blackwood that he cannot spend an entire night in the Blackwood's haunted castle.
Once installed in the abandoned castle, Foster discovers that he is not alone, as he is approached by various beautiful women and handsome men, and a doctor of metaphysics - who explains that they are all lost souls damned to replay the stories of their demises on the anniversary of their deaths!
The first time I watched this glorious bit of classic horror, I was mesmerized the entire time.
I found the movie genuinely creepy and at the same time sorrowful.
Babs Steele is undeniably beautiful.
The music score makes the atmosphere twice as terror inducing.
The topless scene threw me for a loop, as I was not expecting it.
It looks as Synapse did a great job with picture enhancement, because this movie looks damn fine for its age, and it's the Uncut International version, to boot.
This is the movie responsible for me starting a Babs Steele and Klaus Kinski collection.
A young solicitor in sent to a remote area to wrap up the estate of a recently deceased client.
When he arrives he finds that he is made less than welcome by the local villagers and that his deceased client was not liked.
To speed things up he decides to move from the local inn and take up residence in her home, a house that is usually fogbound and approached only by a causeway that is blocked off by the sea most of the day.
Once there he sees visions of a woman in black, is she real or imaginary,he is also subjected to the blood curdling cries of a woamn and child apparently drowning in the marshes, these events take their toll on him and he soon becomes quite terrified.
Atmospheric TV adaptation of a famous play by Susan Hill, that spends it first third building up its characters, before moving to the creepy country house, its poor colour contrast give away its TV roots immediately, this really should have been in black & white, but still as a ghost story it had a couple of unsettling moments, still though after waiting so long to see it I must say I was sadly just a little underwhelmed.
The movie that i am going to review is a little television movie made in 1996 and it starred Melissa Joan Hart and Daniel Baldwin.The main protagonist/antagonist Jennifer Stanton (Hart) is a typical all American teenager who is feeling the pressure of having such a controlling father (Baldwin).
However, when she meets an ex con called Nick Ryan (Jeremy Jordan "Never been kissed") they instantly 'fall' for each other, but Jennifer has a different idea on where to take their relationship.
she manipulates him to kill her parents, to protect their 'love' but she just used him to get rid of her parents so she can be with Brad (David Lascher future 'Sabrina' cast mate for Hart).
Melissa Joan Hart actually really surprised me with her role as an evil manipulator and she carries the movie well by using her friends and Nick so she can literally get away with murder.
The rest of the supporting cast work well and they each hold their own when they have screen time.
I also found it interesting that this film was made and released the same year, Hart, began portrayed Sabrina, the Teenage Witch and this shows she can act in my genres of film and television.Although the film has dated somewhat it stills stands out as some of her best work that involves drama or thriller and i am looking forward to 'Nine Dead' that comes out in November because it shows she can seen as other people that are not called "Clarissa Darling " or Sabrina Spellman"I recommend this film to anyone that is a fan of Melissa Joan Hart or Sabrina.
You can watch this on the internet, so i suggest check it out.
Every motion picture Bette Davis stars in is worth experiencing.
Before Davis co-stars with Leslie Howard in "Of Human Bondage," she'd been in over a score of movies.
Legend has it that Davis was 'robbed' of a 1935 Oscar for her performance as a cockney-speaking waitress, unwed mother & manipulative boyfriend-user, Mildred Rogers.
The story goes that the AFI consoled Davis by awarding her 1st Oscar for playing Joyce Heath in "Dangerous."
I imagine Davis' fans of "Of Human Bondage" who agree with the Oscar-robbing legend are going to have at my critique's contrast of the 1934 film for which the AFI didn't award her performance & the 1936 film "Dangerous," performance for which she received her 1st Oscar in 1937.I've tried to view all of Bette Davis' motion pictures, TV interviews, videos, advertisements for WWII & TV performances in popular series.
In hindsight, it is easy to recognize why this film, "Of Human Bondage," gave Davis the opportunity to be nominated for her performance.
She was only 25yo when the film was completed & just about to reach Hollywood's red carpet.
The public began to notice Bette Davis as a star because of her performance in "Of Human Bondage."
That is what makes it her legendary performance.
But, RKO saw her greatness in "The Man Who Played God," & borrowed her from Warners to play Rogers.I'm going to go with the AFI, in hindsight, some 41 years after their astute decision to award Davis her 1st Best Actress Oscar for "Dangerous," 2 years later.
By doing so, the AFI may have been instrumental in bringing out the very best in one of Hollywood's most talented 20th century actors.
Because, from "Of Human Bondage," onward, Davis knew for certain that she had to reach deep inside of herself to find the performances that earned her the golden statue.
Doubtless, she deserved more than 2 Oscars; perhaps as many as 6.
"Dangerous" provides an exemplary contrast in Davis' depth of acting characterization.
For, it's in "Dangerous" (1936) that she becomes the greatest actor of the 20th century.
Davis is so good as Joyce Heath, she's dead-center on the red carpet.
Whereas in "Of Human Bondage," Davis is right off the edge, still on the sidewalk & ready to take off on the rest of her 60 year acting career.Perhaps by not awarding her that legendary Oscar in 1935, instead of a star being born, an actor was given incentive to reach beyond stardom into her soul for the gifted actor's greatest work.It is well known that her contemporary peer adversary was Joan Crawford; a star whose performances still don't measure up to Davis'.
Even Anna Nicole Smith was a 'star'.
Howard Stern is a radio host 'star', too.
Lots of people on stage & the silver screen are stars.
Few became great actors.
The key difference between them is something that Bette Davis could sense: the difference between the desire to do great acting or to become star-struck.Try comparing these two movies as I have, viewing one right after the other.
Maybe you'll recognize what the AFI & I did.
Davis was on the verge of becoming one of the greatest actors of the 20th century at 25yo & achieved her goal by the time she was 27.
She spent her next 50 plus years setting the bar so high that it has not been reached .
.
.
yet.Had the AFI sent her the message that she'd arrived in "Of Human Bondage," Davis' life history as a great actor may have been led into star-struck-dom, instead.
It is projected that between 2000 and 2020, 68 million people will die prematurely as a result of AIDS.
The projected toll is greatest in sub-Saharan Africa where 55 million additional deaths can be expected.
Beyond the grim statistics are personal stories that we rarely hear about.
Christophe Honoré describes one of the most moving in Close to Leo, a film produced for French television as part of a series dealing with issues facing young people.
Though fictional, it deals with a situation that is unfortunately too common -- the effect of a diagnosis of HIV on a loving close-knit family.When twenty one-year old Leo (Pierre Mignard) tells his parents and two teenage brothers, Tristan (Rodolphe Pauley) and Pierrot (Jeremie Lippmann) that he has AIDS, the family is devastated.
Out of concern for his youth, they decide to withhold the information from his youngest brother, 12-year old Marcel (Yannis Lespert) but he overhears the conversation and begins to sulk and act erratically.
When Leo goes to Paris for treatment, he takes Marcel with him but the young boy confronts Leo and demands to know the truth.
Leo tells him that he is ill and Marcel is sad but accepting.
When he brings Marcel along to meet some former gay friends, however, tension between them boils to the surface, setting the stage for a riveting conclusion.
Although I was uncomfortable with scenes in bed involving physical contact between the brothers, I feel that the sincerity of Close to Leo and the brilliant performances by Lespert and Mignard more than tip the scales in its favor.
Seeing events unfold from the young boy's perspective gives the film an authenticity that reminded me of the Quebecois film Leolo and Truffaut's The 400 Blows.
Unlike some American films that dance around the anguish of AIDS, Close to Leo tells a harsh truth but does so in a way that is tender and wonderfully real.
The good thing about this film is that it stands alone - you don't have to have seen the original.
Unfortunately this is also it's biggest drawback.
It would have been nice to have included a few of the original characters in the new story and seen how their lives had developed.
Sinclair as in the original is excellent and provides the films best comic moments as he attempts to deal with awkward and embarrassing situations but the supporting cast is not as strong as in the original movie.
Forsyth is to be congratulated on a brave attempt to move the character on and create an original sequel but the film is ultimately flawed and lacks the warmth of the original
Kate Beckinsale is excellent as the manipulative and yet irresistibly charming Emma in this TV-adaptation of Jane Austen´s novel.
When I read that novel I was sometimes quite doubtful whether the protagonist really deserved to be considered the heroine of the story: for honestly, she is so terribly self-righteous and scheming that one is tempted to dislike her seriously.
Kate Beckinsale´s interpretation, however, saves Emma from herself so to speak: she is portrayed with all the innocence and generosity of her character in full view, and one can´t help but give in and like (not to say love) her in spite of her less amiable qualities.
Kate Beckinsale is the main, but not the only, reason why this TV-series is so delightful; Raymond Coulthard is perfect as Mr. Frank Churchill, expressing this character´s personal magnetism to the full (which is all the more conspicuous because of this role being not very well handled by Ewan McGregor in the 1996-screen adaptation of Emma), and Mark Strong, Samantha Morton, Bernard Hepton, and Olivia Williams are all as they should be in their respective roles.
This production is, in short, a great achievement and one to view many times with increasing pleasure.
How much could the general Hollywood director learn from this movie?
All... when it comes to actually scaring people.
This movies truly shows that it is possible to really frighten and scare a viewer, and that monstrous monsters and long knifes never will be the best way of achieving this.
All who love a real psychological thriller must see this movie... it is the best of it's kind.
But how can you stand to mange a baseball team that can't win.
For George Knox, it is not easy.
As the movie opens, Roger Beaumont (Joseph-Gordon-Levitt) and his best friend J.P (Milton Davis Jr.) are riding on thier bikes around the angels' stadium.
When they return to thier foster mother's home, Roger is suprised to have a visit from his dad (Dermot Mulroney).
His mom is dead!
And when he asks his father when they going to be a family again, he father jokes "I say when the angels win the division championship" So later on, Roger and J.P hide in a tree to watch the angels play baseball.
When the manger George Knox (Danny Glover) take out his pitcher, the pitcher gets mad and gets into a fight with him, and soon the angels team get into the fightm that gets Knox ejected from the game.
That night Roger makes a prayer, for the angles win the championship.
When his foster mother Maggie Nelson (Brenda Ficker) agrees that Roger and J.P go to a basball, Roger sees real angles come on the field and helps the left fielder (Matthew McConaughey) makes a catch, that leaves the manger and the play-by-play man (Jay.
O Sanders) how did he to that.
Roger learns from the head angel (Christopher Lloyd) that only he can see the angles, because he was the only that prayed for help.
10/10
I thoroughly enjoyed this true to form take on the Dick Tracy persona.
This is a well done product that used modern technology to craft a imagery filled comic era story.
If you are a fan of or recently watched some of the old Dick Tracy b&w movies then you're sure to get a kick out of this rendition.
The pastel colors and larger than life characters rendered in a painstakingly authentic take on an era gone by is entertainment as it's meant to be.
I personally find Madonna's musical element to be a major part of this film-the CD featuring her music from this movie is one I've listened to often over the years, it's just so well done and performed musically and tuned to that era.
In my mind, Madonna's finest moment both on-screen but especially musically.
This is sure to bring out the "kid" in you.
For those of you who think anime is just about giant reptiles raping schoolgirls, think again.
There is a totally different side to the Japanese animation.
Yakitate!
Japan is one of those shows.
It is a sweet-natured tale of a young boy with the gift to make delicious bread.
His universe is all about creating a Japanese bread that can match with the famous European breads.
The show is as wacky as they come and I'm sure that non-Japanese viewers will miss a lot of the jokes.
But it is still very nice to watch because of the complete innocent vibe of the show.
In the world of Yakitate!
it is not uncommon for people to look like they've just had an orgasm after eating bread.
The bread is hallucinating and can give the consumer a wide array of super powers, from time-traveling to swimming like a fish.
That weird aspect makes it into one of the least predictable and funny shows I've watched in a while.
This movie was beautiful.
It was full of memorable imagery, good acting, and touching subject matter.
It would be very easy to write it off as being too sentimental, but that is the sentiments this type of a movie is trying to achieve.
I was totally involved in the story's unfolding and presentation.
There were a few cheesy shots, but such is to be expected in a religious propaganda film.
The only complaint I can conjure is there wasn't a ton of details.
However, this movie wasn't created to explain every element of Joseph Smith's life, ministry, triumphs, controversies, failures etc.
; it was designed for a quick glimpse at a few highlights of one of the most amazing American and historical religious figures of all time.
I have seen it & i like it Melissa plays her part well.
It was actually believable.
My brother in law saw it with my sister & i and when i mentioned to my sister that i forgot it was based on a true story (i had seen it a few years ago.)
he said just because its on lifetime you think its true & both my sister & i were like it was so anyway i was wondering if anyone knew what murder it was or like who was really involved was because i want to prove it to him.
I love lifetime movies especially the ones that are true, or just the ones that teach a good lesson.
I thought I saw something about it a week ago but i cant remember where any help would be appreciated.
White man + progress + industrialization = BAD.
First nations + nature + animals = GOOD.
Simple formula.
Actually, in past days the same kind of propaganda was used to defend the status quo; now it is used to attack it.
However, that being said, I think the movie does succeed in overcoming hackneyed politicization because it plays to the themes of freedom and original nature in a way that appeals to everyone.
You may not be onside with the movie's rubbishy revisionism of how the West was won, er lost.
But anyone can feel a sense of longing for the days when horses could run free on the Western plains.
(The movie also conveniently sidesteps the fact that there were no horses in America before the evil white man brought them there).
Anyway, I liked it.
The quality of the animation - especially the opening shot - is incredible.
For those who think of Dame May Witty as the kindly, slightly batty, old lady from Hitchcock's The Lady Vanishes, this movie requires an adjustment.
Here, she's anything but kindly or batty.
Instead, her son, George Macready is the loony one.
Just don't give him a knife, otherwise his eyes light up and no furniture cushion in the house is safe.
Now we know what he has in mind for the trapped Nina Foch if he can just get out from under Mother's domineering hand.Really tight little woman-in-danger film that keeps the suspense on high throughout.
The script never strays from Foch's dilemma.
She's held prisoner in a big old Gothic house on the edge of an angry sea.
They're going to kill her, but why.
Her predicament makes no sense.
The tension mounts as she tries one escape ploy after another, but even strangers seem against her.
We begin to feel her helplessness and mounting paranoia as the world turns away from her.Director Joseph H. Lewis took a big step toward cult status with this film and understandably so.
Then too, watch Foch run subtly through a gamut of emotions without once going over the top.
Witty too shines as a really intimidating matriarch who knows what she wants and how to get it if she can just keep her wacko son in line.
My one reservation is the climax which seems too contrived considering the timing of the events.
Nonetheless, it's a good, nerve-wracking way to spend a little over an hour, courtesy Columbia studios.
`Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is a well-crafted, surprisingly spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson.
Exquisite black and white cinematography, flawless dubbing, superb casting, fairly logical scripting, deliberate pacing and a surprise (though totally appropriate) ending set this one apart.
Only the films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt `love at first sight' between Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) and Alan (Georges Rivière) mar an otherwise surprisingly entertaining movie.While visiting England, Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub, telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood.
Recognizing the great writer, Alan, a young news reporter, requests an interview with Poe.
During the course of the conversation, Poe reveals that all of his stories are true.
Incredulous, Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death.
Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he cannot survive this night in Blackwood's castle, a night following Halloween when the dead walk.
Alan cannot afford the bet, so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.Unlike Mario Bava's overpraised `Black Sunday,' (aka `The Mask of Satan'), `Castle of Blood' is fairly restrained, making the few moments of violence even more dreadful, especially surprising from a director usually associated with those terrible Italian space movies from the 60s.It's a pity the only version of this film I've found is badly deteriorated (and recorded) pan and scan version.
Even so, it is well worth seeing, and cries out for a modern remake, perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth.
Watch it and enjoy a film that compares well with Robert Wise's `The Haunting'.
Every great gangster movie has under-currents of human drama.
Don't expect an emotional story of guilt, retribution and despair from "Scarface".
This is a tale of ferocious greed, corruption, and power.
The darker side of the fabled "American Dream".Anybody complaining about the "cheesiness" of this film is missing the point.
The superficial characters, cheesy music, and dated fashions further fuel the criticism of this life of diabolical excess.
Nothing in the lives of these characters really matter, not on any human level at least.
In fact the film practically borderlines satire, ironic considering all the gangsta rappers that were positively inspired by the lifestyle of Tony Montana.This isn't Brian DePalma's strongest directorial effort, it is occasionally excellent and well-handled (particularly the memorable finale), but frequently sinks to sloppy and misled.
Thankfully, it is supported by a very strong script by Oliver Stone (probably good therapy for him, considering the coke habit he was tackling at the time).
The themes are consistent, with the focus primarily on the life of Tony Montana, and the evolution of his character as he is consumed by greed and power.
The dialogue is also excellent, see-sawing comfortably between humour and drama.
There are many stand-out lines, which have since wormed their way into popular culture in one form or another.The cast help make it what it is as well, but this is really Pacino's film.
One of his earlier less subtle performances (something much more common from him nowadays), this is a world entirely separate from Michael Corleone and Frank Serpico.
Yet he is as watchable here as ever, in very entertaining (and intentionally over-the-top) form.
It is hard to imagine another Tony Montana after seeing this film, in possibly one of the most mimicked performances ever.
Pfeiffer stood out as dull and uncomfortable on first viewing, but I've come to realize how she plays out the part of the bored little wife.
Not an exceptional effort, but unfairly misjudged.
The supporting players are very good too, particularly Paul Shenar as the suave Alejandro Sosa.Powerful, occasionally humorous, sometimes shocking, and continually controversial.
"Scarface" is one of the films of the eighties (whatever that might mean to you).
An essential and accessible gangster flick, and a pop-culture landmark.
9/10
First a quick 'shut up!'
to those saying this movie stinks.
You can't go to every movie expecting 'Citizen Kane'.
This was actually a fun movie.
Jason Lee is good in everything he does.
The only flaw in this movie is, I don't think there was enough chemestry between Lee and Julia Stiles.
They should have dwelled more on that.
Other than that, the movie is good fun.
Selma Blair needs to eat something.
She's worrying me.
But she still looks beautiful.
So yes, I recommend this movie for a date or light saturday afternoon fun.
Go see.RATING: **1/2 out of ****
I really thought they did an *excellent* job, there was nothing wrong with it at all, I don't know how the first commenter could have said it was terrible, it moved me to tears (I guess it moved about everyone to tears) but I try not to cry in a movie because it's embarrassing but this one got me.
It was SOOO good!
I hope they release it on DVD because I will definitely buy a copy!
I feel like it renewed my faith and gave me a hope that I can't explain, it made me want to strive to be a better person, they went through so much and we kind of take that for granted, I guess.
Compared to that, I feel like our own trials are nothing.
Well, not nothing, but they hardly match what they had to go through.
I loved it.
Who played Emma?
!
The Woman In Black is fantastic in all aspects.
It's scary, suspenseful and so realistic that you can actually see it happening in real life.
I first saw this on the TV back in 1989, and with all the lights off and the volume turned up, it was probably the most creepy experience of my entire life.
I managed to get hold of a copy, and now, I make sure to bring it out every Halloween and show it too unsuspecting family members, who have no idea what they're in for, and all I can do is laugh with glee.
As for the film:It starts out with a young lawyer named Arthur Kipps, who is assigned by his firm to go to the market town of Crythin Gifford to settle the papers of a recently deceased client - Mrs. Alice Drablow.
This film starts off as a reasonably solid and interesting ghost story.
But then, Arthur attends the funeral, and from that scene on, we do not feel safe.
We are constantly on edge and biting our nails, and that goes on for the next hour or so, until the final, thrilling finale.A warning to all new viewers though: do not watch this alone...
I saw this movie as a kid on Creature Feature when I lived in New York.
It was a pretty creepy movie, though not as good as Horror Hotel.
I just bought this movie on DVD, and it is different from what I remember because in the DVD that I bought there are several scenes where the actors speak in French and/or Italian and no subtitles are provided.
Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said.
Kind of weird.
Also on the DVD box, the names of some of the actors are spelled differently than on IMDb.Aside from that, this movie is different in that the character of Elsie takes her clothes off and provides a nude shot in one scene and in another scene Julia tries to force Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) to make out with her by pushing her down on the bed and kissing her while Steele resists.
That scene existed in the TV version, but it was very edited.
I wonder if there is any extra footage that could be incorporated into a remastered ultra-edition?
It seems sad that some of these old low budget classics have been spliced to bits and sold in all kinds of edited versions.
Where are the master tapes and all the unused footage?
Aside from the first boring twenty minutes before Allen is delivered to the Castle, the rest of the movie is pretty good.
There aren't too many special effects (but Herbert's face after Julia clubs him is a good one).
The creepy atmosphere and the strange, exotic, and seductive look of Barbara Steele make the movie a lot better than it should be.
I can honestly say that if Barbara Steele had not been in this film, it would be a big zero.
She makes the movie a ten!
The Clouded Yellow is a compact psychological thriller with interesting characterizations.
Barry Jones and Kenneth More are both terrific in supporting roles in characters that both have more to them than what meets the eye.
Jean Simmons is quite good, and Trevor Howard makes a fascinatingly offbeat suspense hero.
This could be well have been THE definitive film noir of all time, had not the Columbia Studios cut so much of Orson Welles's original.
What we are left with is a flawed, yet brilliant film that showcases the overwhelming talent of Welles as an actor/director and Rita Hayworth as a serious dramatic talent.
'The Lady From Shanghai' is film noir at it's most sizzling and confusing.
Welles, with an uneven accent, portrays Michael O'Hara, a journeyman Irishman, who, after a fateful encounter with the seductive, dangerous Elsa Bannister (Hayworth, in a GREAT performance)finds himself virtually coerced into accepting a job as a crewman on her and her crippled husband's (Everett Sloane) yacht.
Elsa, or 'Rosalie' as Michael likes to call her, plays the innocent, helpless doll very well, ensnaring O'Hara in her web.
As the lovers conduct a not-so-secret affair at sea, Arthur Bannister's partner in his law firm, George Grisby (Glenn Anders)comes aboard.
He is a weird, untrustworthy figure who offers Michael a unique proposal: He will get $5000 to assist Grisby in the faking of Grisby's death, so it looks murder.
The plan is for Michael to get off a technicality, and run off into the sun with Elsa.
But things do not go to plan.Hayworth delivers us one of the best femme fatales of all time in a very ambiguous portrayal.
At times she seems genuinely vulnerable and child-like, at others brutal, world-weary and hard.
Always she is brilliantly beautiful, whether he situation calls for her to be dripping wet in a swimsuit or dressed in black, brandishing a gun.
Hayworth is beautifully photographed here, and she is a far-cry from her famous 'Gilda' role.
Her then-husband Orson Welles cut off her trademark auburn locks for a dyed blonde crop (angering Columbia boss Harry Cohn).
It was a terrific marketing ploy, and he change suits her changed attitude wonderfully.
She is not the sympathetic femme fatale that 'Gilda' is, here- instead she is a predatory, black-hearted dame who sees murder as a very useful option.The Welles and Hayworth pairing came at a time when the couple were having extreme difficulties in their marriage.
They would divorce after the film was made, so this is also a curiosity for providing some view into the complicated relationship.
They are hateful, not romantic, lovers in this, so it's hard to gauge whether or not they had real chemistry on screen.
Certainly every encounter is potent and filled with raw sexuality, with Welles as the 'fall guy' (he even admits it himself in the film!)
and Rita as the double-crossing babe.Welles character is the typical noir 'drifter' with not much sense.
As Welles voice-over proves to use, O'Hara indeed does not use his brain very much 'expect to be thinking of her (Elsa)'.
Welles usually played intelligent, charismatic fellows, so his turn here as the dim-witted Michael is unusual and very interesting.
Indeed, Welles was an actor of fine talent and he pulls off it well.Everett Sloane is suitably slimy as Hayworth's crippled husband.
One wonders why he hires Michael.
It is obvious that his wife is interested in him romantically, so why does he invite a 'threat' on board?
One interpretation could be that Michael provides the 'service' to his wife that Bannister cannot in his crippled state.
There is definitely something to that theory, with a lot of implications toward Elsa's behaviour before she met her husband (was she some sort of prostitute?
)and Grisby's knowledge of Bannister's most intimate secrets being hinted at in several scenes.This is a jumbled, convoluted film with a plot that is ultimately flawed.
We are more interested in the love triangle than the murder plot, as with most noirs.
Welles provides us with many of his usual brilliant cinematic touches, including the justifiably famous 'hall of mirrors' climax.
It's a terrific scene, one ending that can almost obliterate the faults earlier on in the movie and lift it into greatness.
This fun house scene is visually stunning, with a Dali-like feel to the painted sets (apparently Orson painted them himself).
Subtle visual imagery utilized throughout the film by Welles enhances the plot and makes this a thought-provoking experience.The dialogue is scorching and confusing, delivered superbly by Rita's alternately breathy low voice and helpless, high-pitched little-girl voice.
Hayworth proves her acting capabilities in this one, and proves that SHE is the ultimate femme fatale of 'noir'.
It's a pity (only a slight one , as Rita was a brilliant dancer) that she did so many delightful yet frothy and often forgettable musicals for Columbia in the 40's instead of darkly-themed noir like this.
She was a brilliant actress when given the chance to show off her talent.9/10.
This movie has it all.
It is a classic depiction of the events that surrounded the migration of thousands of Cuban refugees.
Antonio Montana(played by Al Pacino), is just one of the thousands to get a chance to choose his destiny in America.
This cinematic yet extremely accurate depiction of Miamis' Drug Empire is astonishing.
Brian DePalma does an amazing job directing this picture, so much that, the viewer becomes involved with both the storyline, as well as every character in the cast.
With Tony's characters' pressence being so believable and strong, Brian DePalma brang out the raw talent exposed by Steven Bauer(Manny, Tony's best Friend), Mary Elizabeth Mastantonio(Gina, Tony's Sister), Robert Loggia(Frank, Tony's Boss)and Michelle Pfeiffer(Elvira, Frank's Wife).
I enjoyed every minute watching this movie, and still watch it on a weekly basis.
On this year, the 20th Anniversary of this classic crime movie, I for one am a true believer that in another 20 years people will still refer to this movie in astonishing numbers.
With other crime movies being so dramatic I find, this movie is a shock to the system.
Old Jane's mannered tale seems very popular these days.
I have lost count of the number of versions going around.
Probably the reason is that her "ruts" are our "ruts" even at this late date.
This TV mini-series gives it a mannered telling suitable to the novel.
Headstrong, opinionated Emma is a pretty "modern" girl when you think about it, even though the ambience of Jane Austen's world may seem a tad artificial to us today.
If you haven't seem EMMA, I'll only say that self-sufficient Emma does get her comeuppance.
It's worth watching to find out how.
The acting honours here go to the ladies: Kate, Prunella, Lucy and Samantha.
They could almost have had a psychic connection to old Jane!
I was lucky enough to catch this movie while volunteering at the Maryland Film Festival.
I've always been a fan of classic horror films and especially the gimmicks of William Castle, so this was definitely a must-see for me.This is about the life and work of William Castle, who in my opinion was an underrated director.
True, he made some cheap budget schlocky horror films, but he added something to these films: real live theater gimmicks that you don't see anymore.
For example, he had nurses in case someone had a heart attack at his movies and put vibrators at the bottoms of chairs in THE TINGLER.This is truly a well-made documentary and brings this rather shadowed director into the light, and celebrated his contributions to horror cinema.
It also paints Castle as a larger than life character, who was very well-liked and had a smile on his face.Unlike most film documentaries that mostly show testaments from film historians, SPINE TINGLER!
shows interviews mostly from his family members and directors who were influenced by his work, such as John Waters, John Landis, and Joe Dante.
A must see for classic horror and sci-fi fans.
Spirit is a unique and original look at western life from the point of view of a wild horse, and native Americans.
The film focuses on the friendships and perils that a wild horse, Spirit, encounters during his life.Very well done in the presentation, using the technology available today to deliver stunning visuals that are breathtaking in their depth and realism.The music is fantastic, with songs by Bryan Adams, and music by Hans Zimmer, who also was responsible for the extremely popular music from the 1994 Disney hit, The Lion King.The story is not very deep but the fact that it isn't quite as in-depth as some movies doesn't in my opinion detract from the film as a whole.An excellent film which I enjoyed immensely, and that is suitable for all the family.
Not one to be missed.
(10/10)
This show has a great storyline!
It's very believable!
A mans wife dies and he cant take care of his children alone so he calls on his brother in law his best friend and many others come later on in the show.
Such as Rebeecca Donaldson, ,the lovable yet strong dog Comet , Nikki and Alex who you can find out for yourself (I don't want to spoil it for you) and of coerce Kimmy Gibler!
(The sidekick of DJ) but the kids are wonderful too.
This is Mary Kate and Ashley first took off!
And also you may know Candace Cameron Bure from shows like St.Elsewere Punky Brewster and that's so raven!
Jodie Sweetin plays Steph the love able middle child who feels left out.
Really this is a very good show!
Thought at first this film would be your typical Western film, however, it turned out to be very interesting and kept me spellbound right to the very end, which turned out very unusual.
Charlton Heston,(Sam Burgade),"Midway",'76, had past experiences with James Coburn,(Zach Provo),"Deadfall",'93, and Zach never forgave Sam and would stop at nothing to make sure he caught up with him and paid him back.
Unfortunately, Barbara Hershey,(Susan Burgade),"The Portrait of a Lady",'96, managed to get caught up in this situation and found herself among sex starved men who never seemed to leave her alone.
Sam Burgade had to make some very hard decisions and and I was quite surprised at the conclusion.
This is a very entertaining film and the acting was outstanding.
hi, im scott (A.K.A woody7739) i Love the film Twisted Desire, And i love watching Melissa Joan Hart on the t.v as i think she is fine.
I am a real fan of sabrina the teenage witch too, so this helped my watch it (don't ask).
i love the way that nicole plans out her parents murder very carfully, as she makes sure that someone else pulls the trigger and practices on the bottles, so she wont give away her fingerprints (a very well planned out idea), back i guess it all backfired on nicole as she got caught as her old boyfriend comes along and puts a hidden camera under his shirt.
i give this film a nine out of ten, and put it in MY top 10 films list.
And last but not least if anyone see's this film in the shops please tell me as i seen it on tv and didn't record it.
bye
I recently watched Spirit and enjoyed it very much, I've seen it about 4 times now on HBO and will buy the DVD.
Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that `Vanishing Point' was just another car chase movie and `Thelma & Louise' was just another chick flick.
Although the conclusions of those films are darker I feel the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone wanting to take it away from you.
The other common trait of these movies is the caring, thoughtful `guardian angel' types who help the main characters to overcome adversity.Another review here mentions how this film relates to the theme of civilization invading someone else's home.
All one has to do is look around at the dwindling open areas around us to see that.I thought the animation and the story were amazing, the animators really got the horses to look, act and move naturally.
Spirit's emotions were very clear as the story progressed (yes I'm aware they do humanize the horses a bit, but this is fiction).
In a couple of action scenes you feel caught in the current of the rapids and the heat from a forest fire.
In other more quiet scenes (which are most of the time) you're allowed to savor the backgrounds.
One of the big things that make the story really work is by not going the talking, singing animals route.
Doing so would take away from the story's power.
Instead the flow of the story is told by occasional narration by the main character, further punch is added by the fantastic soundtrack.
Another plus is that they weren't afraid to give the story somewhat of a dark side (which really made this film watchable to me).
This isn't prevalent through the entire movie though, and the conclusion is fitting and uplifting without being sappy.Those who appreciate horses will really like this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a horse movie.
I don't feel this would be a good movie to take children to if they're brought up on the inane fare that's offered up today.
But if they're the thoughtful sort that can handle compelling stories like The Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty they'll likely love this movie.
Hell, I'm 35 years old and STILL love that stuff.
This movies chronicles the life and times of William Castle.
He made a series of low budget horror films in the 1950s-1960s that he sold with gimmicks.
In "13 Ghosts" you need viewers to see the ghosts (they were in color, the film was in b&w).
"The Tingler" had theatre seats equipped with a buzzer that jolted the audience when a monster escapes into a movie theatre.
"Marabre" issued a life insurance policy to all members in case they were frightened to death!
The movies themselves were pretty bad but the gimmicks had people rushing to see them.
In this doc there are interviews with directors inspired by Castle, actors in his movies and his daughter.
It also gets into his home life and the kind of man he was (by all accounts he was a great guy).
The documentary is affectionate, very funny and absolutely riveting.
It's very short (under 90 minutes) and there's never a dull moment.
A must see for Castle fans and horror movie fans.
My one complaint--there were very few sequences shown from his pictures.
That aside this is just great.
I saw this movie in 1959 when I was 11 years old at a drive-in theater with my family.Way back then, I thought it was very funny .
.
.
even though I was too young to understand 90% of what makes this marvelous movie such a delight!
I saw it again this morning on "Turner South".
As I watched it, I was absolutely convulsed with laughter!
"The Mating Game" is a unique classic from a by-gone age.
If you're too young to have experienced the enchanting period in history that produced this film, I feel very sorry for you.
There's no way you can watch movies like this and understand how they can (even today) deliver such a delightful slice of heaven to "old timers" like me.Having said that, all I can do is respectfully request that younger people refrain from commenting on films like "The Mating Game".Movies like this were made for the generation that preceded the current group of your people.
And as such, these films speak a very different language than any of you can understand.In other words  if you don't understand the issues the film is addressing, please don't embarrass yourself by offering comments which  frankly  make no sense.
As far as I can recall, Balanchine's alterations to Tchaikovsky's score are as follows:1) The final section of the Grossvatertanz (a traditional tune played at the end of a party) is repeated several times to give the children a last dance before their scene is over.2) A violin solo, written for but eliminated from Tchaikovsky's score for The Sleeping Beauty, is interpolated between the end of the party scene and the beginning of the transformation scene.
Balanchine chose this music because of its melodic relationship to the music for the growing Christmas tree that occurs shortly thereafter.3) The solo for the Sugar Plum Fairy's cavalier is eliminated.It seems to me the accusation that Balanchine has somehow desecrated Tchaikovsky's great score is misplaced.
Astronaut Steve West (Alex Rebar) and his comrades undertake a space mission that sees them flying through the rings of Saturn.
His comrades are killed instantly, but it would seem that they are in fact the lucky ones.
Steve returns to Earth a constantly oozing mass of humanoid pulp; as he turns into a savage killer, melting every step of the way, he is tracked by his friend, Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning).This is often so uproariously funny - with enough absurd lines and situations to go around - that it's hard for me to believe that the laughs are all unintentional.
It seems to me to be kind of a goof on low-budget genre efforts from the '50's and 60's, and as such, it's a marvelously entertaining movie.
That sequence with the nurse is simply hilarious.
We're even treated to a split screen sequence that doesn't really add anything, but is still a gas to watch.Writer / director William Sachs deserves credit for coming up with this ingenious idea; his ultra-slimy character is a memorable one indeed.
I think his pacing is a little off; some scenes (like the one with the elderly couple) go on a little long, but ultimately he delivers solid, schlocky, B-movie goods with a degree of panache.
The climax is especially fun.Arlon Obers' music is enjoyably shuddery (yet also amusingly silly during some moments), and Willy Curtis's cinematography creates some really great shots at times.
That brings me to Rick Bakers' fantastic and convincing makeup effects, which form a highly respectable centerpiece for the movie, right down to the ultimate final melt.Rebar is under the heavy makeup for almost the entire movie (Sachs also gets my praise for having the movie hit the ground running) and does what he has to do well enough.
DeBenning makes for a rather oafish and silly hero, and Ann Sweeney isn't so hot either as his wife, but Myron Healey, Michael Alldredge, and Lisle Wilson are fine in support.
It's also worth it to see folk like Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith (doing an appreciable topless shot), Janus Blythe (of Tobe Hoopers' "Eaten Alive" and Wes Cravens' "The Hills Have Eyes"), and even director Jonathan Demme in a bit part.This is a highly entertaining midnight movie with enough gore, chills, and laughs to rate it as worth catching for lovers of low-grade sci-fi / horror everywhere.8/10
This show is about three little girls.
(D.J, Stephanie, and Michelle) Their Mother is killed by a drunk driver so their father Danny invites his Brother-in-law (Jesse) and his Old Friend(Joey).
So the whole show is about living life.
The girls go through life's troubles and have life lessons.
They develop crushes, boyfriends, and many more.
The whole show is basically about to go with the flow.
You do not have to hold grudges you just have to let it go.
I think this show is really good and fun to watch.
I grew up watching this show and still watch it today.
I am glad they still air this show on television.
I watch it almost every day.
I rate it 10/10.
"The Woman in Black" is easily one of the creepiest British ghost stories ever made.A young solicitor,after arriving in a small town to handle a dead client's estate,is haunted by a mysterious woman dressed all in black.The film is loaded with extremely eerie atmosphere and the frights are calculated for and deliver the maximum effect possible.The action keeps the viewer deeply involved and the finale is quite disturbing.The acting is excellent and the tension is almost unbearable at times.So if you want to see a truly creepy horror film give this one a look.I dare anyone to watch "The Woman in Black" alone at night with the lights off.Highly recommended.10 out of 10.
Joseph H. Lewis was one of the finest directors of film noir.
This is surely his best.It doesn't have some of the standard features of what we now call film noir.
Though American-made, it is set entirely in England.
It lacks gangsters.
It lacks a femme fatale.
It does not lack crime.The title character answers an ad.
She is overjoyed that she'll be making some money as a secretary.
Instead, she wakes up days later as the pawn in a frightening plot.
Only a very strong person could survive such a terrifyingly unsettling ordeal.
And Nina Foch gives the sense of a strong woman as Julia.Part of the excitement comes from casting against type: Ms. Foch has an elegant manner.
She is no screaming, cowering victim.
She is actually a bit icy and patrician, albeit impecunious.
This makes her character's plight all the more believable.Surely the single most fascinating element is the casting of Dame May Witty.
She was (and is) probably most famous for the charming title character in "The Lady Vanishes."
She has a sweet manner and a harmless, slightly dithering manner.
But here she is far from a heroine.George Macready is excellent as her extremely troubled son.
The whole cast, in fact, is superb.It seems that this famous and brilliant movie was made almost by accident.
Undoubtedly the director knew exactly what he was doing.
But he did it on a low budget.
That is the thrill and charm of film noir, the real film noir: It is small, convincingly lowlife, and, in this case, unforgettable.
This is a better adaptation of the book than the one with Paltrow (although I liked that one, too).
It isn't so much that Beckinsale is better -- they are both very good -- but that the screenplay is better.
Davies is a master at adapting Austen for filming, and the production values here are very good.
It's not quite as glossy as the Hollywood treatment, but it's close, and I thought that the locations and the costumes actually worked better.
Greatly enjoyed this 1945 mystery thriller film about a young woman, Nina Foch,(Julia Ross) who is out of work and has fallen behind in her rent and is desperate to find work.
Julia reads an ad in the local London newspaper looking for a secretary and rushes out to try and obtain this position.
Julia obtains the position and is hired by a Mrs. Hughes, (Dame May Witty) who requires that she lives with her employer in her home and wants her to have no involvement with men friends and Julia tells them she has no family and is free to devote her entire time to this job.
George Macready, (Ralph Hughes) is the son of Mrs. Hughes and has some very strange desires for playing around with knives.
This was a low budget film and most of the scenes were close ups in order to avoid the expense of a background and costs for scenery.
This strange family all live in a huge mansion off the Cornwall Coast of England and there is secret doors and plenty of suspense.
This is a wonderful movie in a lot of ways.
Everyone in my family enjoyed it.
The animation is excellent and easily demonstrates that there are plenty of producers who create films that are as visually brilliant as anything that comes from the Disney Studio.One difference from the normal Disney fare is that this Dreamworks movie does not feature some wise-cracking side kick for comedy relief.
And, there are no sudden moments where the characters break into song.
I am sure that a scene at the beginning of the film would not appear in a Disney picture: the birth of Spirit.
But it is done tastefully and is not offensive at all.
"Spirit" was a great breath of fresh air.
Don't get me wrong.
I have loved Disney for years and will continue to do so.
"Spirit" is another example of great animated fare.
As soon as it was over, my kids wanted to watch it again.
I had the same feeling.
I thoroughly recommend it.
this movie is just great.
if you have a chance to see it, then you should run to see it.
even though the movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, Pacino does a great job playing as Tony Montana to get around.
Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just great.
if you thought that Pulp Fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see Scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them.
(its quite sweet) even though the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is still easy to follow along, but you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything.
personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like a breeze, it is really just that great.
this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so well that not only do you forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... "So say good night to the BAD guy"
Some of the background details of this story are based, very, very loosely, on real events of the era in which this was placed.
The story combines some of the details of the famous Leopold and Loeb case along with a bit of Aimee Semple McPherson.The story begins with two mothers (Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds) being hounded as they leave a courtroom.
The crowd seems most intent on doing them bodily harm as their sons were just convicted of a heinous thrill crime.
One person in the crowd apparently slashes Winters' hand as they make their way to a waiting car.Soon after they arrive home, they begin getting threatening phone calls, so Reynolds suggests they both move to the West Coast together and open a dance school.
The dance school is s success and they cater to incredibly obnoxious parents who think their child is the next Shirley Temple.
One of the parents of these spoiled kids is a multimillionaire who is quite smitten with Reynolds and they begin dating.
Life appears very good.
But, when the threatening phone calls begin again, Winters responds by flipping out--behaving like she's nearing a psychotic break and she retreats further and further into religion--listening on the radio to 'Sister Alma' almost constantly.
Again and again, you see Winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things!!
I won't say more, as it might spoil this suspenseful and interesting film.In many ways, this film is a lot like the Bette Davis and Joan Crawford horror films of the 1960s like "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?
", "Straight-Jacket" and "The Nanny".
While none of these are exactly intellectual fare, on a kitsch level they are immensely entertaining and fun.
The writing is very good and there are some nice twists near the end that make it all very exciting.
Winters is great as a fragile and demented lady and Reynolds plays one of the sexiest 39 year-olds I've ever seen--plus she can really, really dance.My only concern about all this is that some might find Winters' hyper-religiosity in the film a bit tacky--like a cheap attack on Christianity.
At first I felt that way, but when you meet Sister Alma, she seems sincere and is not mocked, so I took Winters' religious zeal as just a sign of craziness--which, I assume, is all that was intended.By the way, this film is packaged along with "Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?"
--another Shelley Winters horror film from 1971.
Both are great fun...and quite over-the-top!
Antonio Margheriti's "Danza Macabra" aka.
"Castle Of Blood" of 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly haunting masterpiece of Italian Gothic Horror, and after Mario Bava's "La Maschera Del Demonio" (aka.
"Black Sunday") of 1960 and Roger Corman's "Pit And The Pendulum" of 1961 (starring the great Vincent Price) another must-see that earned the wonderful Barbara Steele her more than deserved fame as the most important female Horror icon in the history of motion pictures.
But not only is the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele one of my favorite actresses of all-time, the screenplay to "Danza Macabra" was co-written by no one less than the cinematic genius Sergio Corbucci, who directed such ingenious Spaghetti Western milestones as "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968).
Italy's number 2 in the field (right after Mario Bava), Director Antonio Margheriti is one of the all-time masters of Gothic Horror, and "Castle of Blood" is doubtlessly his greatest achievement.
Hardly another film works so brilliantly in creating an incredibly haunting, yet beautiful atmosphere as it is the case with this creepy masterpiece.
When he encounters the famous writer of brilliant macabre stories, Edgar Allen Poe, in a gloomy London tavern, young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts a bet from a nobleman, that he can not spend a night in his haunted castle in the night of all souls' eve.
As soon as Foster enters the eerie castle, mysterious things start to happen.
After a little while, however, he encounters an enchanting resident of the castle, the stunningly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele).
The mysterious events so far, however, have only been forebodings of the terrors the castle bears, however...The eerie castle setting alone would be sufficient to create a gloomy mood, the excellent black and white cinematography and a great score by Riz Ortolani create an incredibly haunting atmosphere that is eerie beyond comparison.
The wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I simply can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress.
No other actress has ever been capable of uniting ravishing beauty with the uncanny as it is the case with Steele, and no actress ever will.
Besides Steele, the movie's cast contains another stunning beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and she also delivers a great performance.
George Rivière's performance as Alan Foster is great, and the rest of the performances are also very good.
"Castle of Blood" is outstanding in many departments: Barbara Steele Delivers one of her best performances, the cinematography and locations are beautifully haunting beyond comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly eerie...
The film simply is a perfect whole of atmosphere, Gothic beauty and the art of terror.
In short: "Castle of Blood" is one of the most atmospheric and greatest Gothic Horror films ever made, and must not be missed by anyone interested in the genre!
10/10
First of all, let me comment that the audience LOVED it from the first moment.
Perhaps current events in the Middle-East led people to take the attitude, "I came for a comedy and by George I'm going to enjoy it."
but for whatever reason, everybody seemed really into the comedy of it.
The last few times Woody has tried to do a straight comedy (Small Time Crooks, Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending) I've felt like the one-liners felt strained and a bit antiquated.
I remember thinking at one point, "That would have been funny in the early sixties."
So going in to this movie, I was afraid Woody was becoming tone deaf, however, in this one his comic sensibilities were in perfect tune.
Admittedly, there were plenty of my fellow AARP card carrying folks in the screening, but there were also plenty of 20-somethings and 30-somethings as well, and they all seemed to get it and give up the occasional belly laugh in addition to numerous guffaws, chuckles and the like.
In many instances, the throw-aways had people laughing so loud you missed the next line.Thematically, Woody was traipsing familiar ground.
As I suspected from the trailer, this film had a lot of Manhattan Murder Mystery in it, but then again, there was more than a smidgen of Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice, and even a little tribute to Broadway Danny Rose at the very beginning.Even with Woody in the movie, Scarlett, as Sondra, was, at times the Woody-proxy, but her character was far from the Nebbish that, say, Will Ferrell gave us in Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh attempted in Celebrity.
Instead of archetypal ticks and quirks, Sondra's nerdishness comes directly from the family history which she shares early on.
On numerous occasions the "family business" leads her to malapropisms that we get as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-sequiturs.
Since we are all in on the joke, we can't help but laugh.
But the laughs don't come from recognizing the Woody nebbish, but truly from the character.
To a great extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow before her, Scarlett is not required to use the Woody voice to evoke the Woody role.
Thus, we don't find ourselves ripped out of the narrative as a Woody's voice suddenly emerges from someone else' face.As my friend commented on the way out, Sid, the character played by Woody, is a supporting role, but more center-stage than I was hoping going in.
However, this time Woody seems to have written a character that truly fits his current persona.
Unlike his Ed Dobel sage character in Anything Else, or his blind director in Hollywood Ending, this time the character is a comfortable fit.
Perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in the story.
Within the elevated circles they find themselves in, he is even more fish-out-of-water than Scarlett, which is used to great comedic effect throughout.
Sid is a declining, itinerant magician playing to small audiences, but the fact that he is from another era is placed front and center for our enjoyment.But what about Jackman?
What about Ian (Swearengen) McShane?
I liked both of them to the extent that they are used in the piece.
I particularly liked McShane's short but effective turns.
Jackman is charming with the ease of "Old Money" that was so often portrayed in films from 50 years ago.
(Class echoes from Purple Rose of Cairo?
)So what did I think?
Short answer, maybe his best straight comedy since 1994's Bullets Over Broadway.
Less stylized than Mighty Aphrodite.
Less caustic than Deconstructing Harry.
Less forced than Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending.
Woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
I saw this movie about a week ago and still keep thinking about it.
I was very moved by this movie.
I found the characters very believable and likable almost to a fault.
As in real life though sometimes people disappoint, as was the case with Leo, who even though I liked his character I could not have been more disappointed when he was willing to have unprotected sex even though fully aware of his HIV status.
I was also disappointed with Leo for rejecting the medicine available to him, and the awful way he treated Marcel when he decided to ship him back home on the train.
I think this movie showed in a very real way why HIV numbers are up in young gay men.
This is in no way meant to bash gays (I am gay) and movie very well could have been made about a young straight person who makes bad choices and seems unaware of the consequences to himself and others.
The only part of the movie I couldn't understand was why the (gay friendly) family was unwilling to include Marcel in Leo's illness to the point of not allowing him to go to the funeral.I think the biggest message from this movie is that whether gay or straight is DO NOT HAVE UNPROTECTED SEX!
This movie was the best movie I have ever seen.
Being LDS I highly recommend this movie because you are able to feel a more understanding about the life of Joseph Smith.
Although the movie was not made with highly acclaimed actors it is a remarkable and life changing movie that can be enjoyed and appreciated by everyone.
I saw this movie with my family and I can bear witness that we have all had a change of heart.
This movie allows people to really understand how hard the life was for the prophet and how much tribulation he was faced with.
After I saw this movie,there was not a single dry eye in the entire room.
Everyone was touched by what they saw and I have not been the same since I have seen it.
I highly recommend this movie for everyone.
Surely one of the mysteries of the modern world!!
- this film is NOT considered to be within the top 100 films of all time???
?If you watched this film and thought it was anything other than wonderful please let me know how?
- Al Pacino's performance is as good as it gets!
Full House came to me when I was about 9.
I remember seeing re-runs of America's Funniest Home Videos with Bob Saget, and one day my mom told me that he was also in a show called Full House.
One day, I was lucky enough to catch an episode while visiting family.
It didn't seem too interesting at first, but as I watched more and more, ever night at 9:00, I would just be so into it.This show really makes you want to be there yourself, hang out with the girls, go places with them, and maybe even join in their little family "sing-alongs".The thing I like most about Full House is that it's a great show for kids AND adults of all ages.
There will be some parts that are more for adults, then parts that are meant for kids, so that the whole family will enjoy it.
No matter how cheesy it can be, it's still a great show, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.10/10
I don't know if this is a sitcom or not, but I agree that this is one of the greatest television shows ever.
It's great that this show still airs.
And I love Michelle.
It's cute on the episodes when she was a baby and she talked, and she sometimes said something funny.
Aw.This show can relate to children and teens and.. well, families as they struggle through rough times and try to work it out as a family.
I don't know who would ever turn down an opportunity to watch this show with someone.
I love the episode when I think her name is DD.. the older girl accidentally stole a sweatshirt, and she learned a lesson about stealing.
That was a great episode.
An example that this TV show shows the family working things out as a family.I recommend this show for everyone.
This movie was for a while in my collection, but it wasn't before a friend of mine reminded me about it  until I decided that I should watch it.
I did not know much about Close to Leo  just that it was supposed to be excellent coming out of age movie and it deals with a very serious topic  Aids.
Although the person who has aids  is Leo  the scenario wraps around the way in which Marcel (the youngest brother of Leo) coupes with the sickness of his relative.
At first everyone is trying to hide the truth from Marcel  he is believed to be too young to understand the sickness of his brother  the fact that Leo is also a homosexual contributes to the unwillingness of the parents to discus the matter with the young Marcel.
I know from experience that on many occasions most older people do not want to accept the fact that sometimes even when someone is young this does not automatically means that he will not be able to accept the reality and act in more adequate manner then even themselves .
With exception of the fact that the family tried to conceal the truth from Marcel, they have left quite an impression for me  the way they supported their son  even after discovering the truth about his sexuality and his sickness.
The fact that they allowed the young Marcel to travel along with Leo to Paris to meet his ex boyfriend was quite a gesture from them most families I know will be reluctant to do that.
There is a lot of warmth in the scenes in which the brothers spend some time together  you can see them being real friends , concern about each other.Close to Leo is an excellent drama, which I strongly recommend
Thanks Jymn Magon, for creating Disney's 2 best cartoons ever.
This show has improved very much over the years.
As a kid, I didn't like it because I thought it was a rip-off of Ducktales, which was my favorite Disney thing at the time (like Grandmoffromero).
Then later on though it was good but not great.
But after reading the reviews here, I decided to give it another chance & bought the DVD set & watched the whole pilot the first day I got it, & was very pleasantly surprised.
It's still my favorite episode, although the series did live up to it.
And by the end of disc 1, I knew this was going to be a top tenner.The characters are so complex & charming.
My favorite has got to be Wildcat.
He's absolutely hilarious and sweet to boot.
My next favorite is Baloo, the best pilot on the show.
I can see why 'ol Jymn built the show around him.
Then it's Kit Cloudkicker.
He & Baloo have the best relationship in the series.
After that, Louie.
Jim Cummings did a perfect job of impersonating the original voice.
After him, Rebecca.
She has made me laugh pretty hard, and I do believe she and Baloo eventually marry.
And finally(for the heroes), Molly.
Although she's my least favorite, I still like her.
I think she's a very cute character(much better than Webby from Ducktales).
And the villains were very original.
Don Karnage & his air pirates always crack me up, Kahn is ice-cold and ruthless, and the Thembrians are always at least amusing.As said before, the stories range from hilarious(Time Waits For No Bear, Romance of Red Chimp) to nothing short of touching(The Old Man & the Seaduck, Paradise Lost), to fun, funny & exciting adventures(In Search of Ancient Blunders & my favorite For Whom the Bell Klangs).
These are only a few of my favorite episodes.
Anyway, Talespin is Disney's best, aside from Gummi Bears Some reasons for this?
GB had a decent amount of my favorite character(Cubbi), while TS didn't have enough of Wildcat.
But in the end Talespin remains a classic.
BOTTOM LINE- 10/10 6th best cartoon ever.
I have to say despite it's reviews Angels in the Outfield was a pretty good movie.
I like the fact how it teaches kids to always have faith and never give up because yes miracles can happen.
Unlike the other baseball movies this one particular movie stood out because of hits amazing special effects and well orchestrated soundtrack which was very interesting.
Though I liked this movie it did have some flaws such as some irrelevancy (i.e.
Towards the end when Ray Mitchell hits a homer he doesn't step on the plate and therefore that wouldn't be a score.
But that's just nitpicking.)
I have to say i was really impressed with this movie's presence and moral: Just have faith, Don't give up.
Nicolas Roeg's projects are variable to say the least, but are never less than interesting.
"Insignificance" is obviously, first and foremost, an adapted stageplay: it's wordy and pretty-much 'room-bound'.
BUT, it pays to view this film more than once: the underlying themes are not overtly presented and, what's more, it takes a while to adjust to the juxtaposition and role-reversals of the four protagonists: Einstein, McCarthy, Munroe, and DiMaggio.
Einstein is wracked by guilt over Hiroshima yet fancies the simplicity of a sexual liaison with Munro; Munro is sick of being seen as a bimbo and craves intellectual credence; Senator McCarthy is at the height of his witch-hunting powers but is an impotent sleazebag; DiMaggio is insecure about his celebrity, self-obsessed, and prone to violence.
Each of them contains the seeds of their own destruction.
Each character has a troubled, abused/abusive past and a questionable future.
Gradually, we see that obsession itself is the central theme.
America's obsession with its postwar cultural icons and mores; the obsessions of the protagonists for something none can have: peace-of-mind and/or happiness.Compared with the theory of relativity, a proposed unified-field theory and, indeed, the cosmos itself, all the aspirations and interactions of Roeg's protagonists seem insignificant.
Yet these aspects of the physical universe (it's all quantum, trust me!)
affect us when they are applied to the development of the means to destroy us.
Monroe's mention of the principle behind the neutron-bomb (without naming it as such) is not an anachronism per se, but can only be understood by a contemporary audience.
Indeed, ALL the references within the script are only accessible to a knowledgeable viewer: one au fait with '50s occurrences/personality cults and how they affect us in the 21st century.This film and its screenplay are either very, very clever, or extremely opaque and pretentious.
Ultimately, however, probably insignificant.live long and prosper :)
Christopher Lloyd is funny and really believable as "Al the head angel".
This movie is much better than the first, but it has great special effects that the first did not have as well as a much better plot and writing.OK - it was written for kids, but adults have as much fun as the kids do.
Tony Danza does a very realistic job in his role - but this is NOT a Taxi reunion.Danny Glover is actually good and even seems to be very human in his emotions as well as showing some real acting talent for a change, a pleasant change.Watch at least once - it is worth the effort to catch it.
Coming shortly before the imposition of a morality code darkened the spirits of writers, directors and actors, the first film adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's "Of Human Bondage" titillated countless moviegoers.
It has no shock value today, just fine acting.While the cast is excellent, this is Bette Davis's first great role and one of Leslie Howard's best performances.
Howard is English wannabe Parisian artist Philip Carey who is gently and firmly told that he lacks any talent and that his dedication is no substitute for true genius.
Taking the lesson to heart he returns to London and enrolls in a medical college (one, by the way, that seems to have no female students-at that time there would have been at least a few.
Perhaps author/physician Maugham didn't care for distaff medicos).Having tea one day Carey is entranced by a waitress, Mildred Rogers, Bette Davis in a role as a morally loose and basically wicked farrago.
Her Cockney accent is as sharp as Eliza Doolittle's.
His repeated attempts to date her are greeted with the less than enthusiastic reply, "I don't mind," a sure sign for any man with his head screwed on straight that he's plumbing the depths.
Maugham's Mildred supplemented her waitress tips with a bit of old fashioned street-walking, something not clearly brought out here.Carey's besotted prostration serves Rogers' avaricious need for support of the financial kind.
He is desperately in love with her-she plays him as a Sunday church organist effortlessly plies her instrument.
No sex here.
Recognizing that he is getting nowhere, he begins a chaste relationship with Norah, a woman who adores him.
Re-enter Mildred, replete with a baby, and in her usual need of being taken care of.
Exit heartbroken Norah.
Another separation from Mildred and Carey begins a long-term friendship with Sally, abetted enthusiastically by her dad who seems to view eventual marriage as both a good thing for the two young people and a chance to be relieved of one of his nine offspring.The movie reasonably but not entirely follows Maugham's excellent novel.
Howard's Carey is naive and vulnerable and for much of the movie his sad eyes remind one of a doe facing a double-barreled shotgun.
Mildred is unrestrainedly wicked, a user of the worst kind, her sole preoccupation with her own needs barely disguised when she tries to wheedle Carey with a thin patina of affectionate words (and offers-at one point she promises she'll do "anything  wants," a daring statement for the times and one I'm sure audiences fully understood.Pre-Code it may be but Mildred's quick-march dissolution would have satisfied the League of Catholic Decency.
The ending is conventional-sin loses, principled behavior triumphs.Director John Cromwell wrought excellent performances from his two main stars, one well-established, the other established largely because of this film.
The atmosphere is 1930s London and the trip back in time is worth taking.Available on DVD.9/10 (for Davis's and Howard's performances)
I grew up watching Full House as a child.
I stopped watching it for years, but about two weeks ago I started back watching it again.
Now my kids watch the show and they love to watch it as well.
My kids can't believe that DJ , on the show, and I are the same age.I really love the show, because it is a show you can watch with your family.
It has good teachings your kids can learn from.
Also there isn't any drugs and violence on it.
Also when the kids, on the show, have a problem they can always open up to their family for help.
That's the message kids should be getting from TV now a days, turn to your family for help, not to drugs.
Kids should be watching more shows like Full House instead of half the mess on TV now a days.I also love the show because it makes you laugh and it is down to earth.
It talks about real life problems and family matters.
There is always a lesson you can learn from the show.I vote the show a 10.
Heh, if I tell you to compare The Dark Knight with some 18-years-old comics-adapted movie rated 5.9, will you call me crazy?
That's just to catch your attention.
Everyday I meet people complaining there are no good movies, who seem to only know the recent blockbusters.
It's never a bad thing to search and explore old movies, especially those with good artistic values.
Dick Tracy is one of those can't be easily outdated, in terms of technology.The negative reviews mainly complained about DT's "messed up" story.
But it appears to me that the storyline is quite clear, and I had no problem following it.
I didn't see the comic books, yet I am not a huge US comic fan, but I appreciate the top-notch film-making and performances.
Maybe the expectations of most people were too high about the story it would tell.
But, if you see a movie casting Madonna and Warren Beatty together, what would you expect.
I had some scratches on my head, and can't help but wonder, did we really see the same movie?
The title role, although not as competent as it sounds, still was able to pull him up and charm the audiences.
Madonna was more express-less than "breathless" in her seductive role, but added a lot of fun to the story.
Al Pacino was funny and prodigy to himself.
Apparently he's bold enough to go sarcastic on his previously successful roles.
We can see a hybrid of Scarface, Michael Corleone, Adolf Hitler and Robert De Niro punching our stomaches to make us laugh.
And many thanks to make-ups.To me it's not bad at all.
The surreal feeling really got me.
I have never seen a Barbara Steele movie that I haven't liked, and have always been a sucker for a good haunted-house story (especially for such wonderful pictures as "The Legend of Hell House" and the original versions of "The Haunting" and "House on Haunted Hill"), so I had a feeling that "Castle of Blood" would be right up my alley.
And boy, was it ever!
This French-Italian coproduction, while perhaps not the classic that Steele's first horror film, "Black Sunday," remains to this day, is nevertheless an extremely atmospheric, chilling entry in the spook genre.
Filmed in black and white, it manages to convey a genuinely creepy miasma.
The film concerns a journalist who bets one Lord Blackwood and an author named Edgar Allen Poe that he can spend the night in Blackwood's castle on the night of All Saints Day, when the spirits of those killed in the castle reenact their fate.
The viewer gets to see these deaths, and they ARE pretty horrible, for the most part.
The film does indeed send shivers up the viewer's spine, and in the uncut DVD that I just watched--thanks to the fine folks at Synapse--even features a surprising topless scene and some mild lesbianism!
And Barbara is wonderful in this movie; her otherworldly beauty is put to good advantage playing a sympathetic spectre.
Her mere presence turns a creepy ghost story into something truly memorable.
Not for nothing has she been called "The Queen of Horror."
Well executed old and very dark house horror.
Good set-up which includes the character of Poe, himself, alluding to the story in a London pub.
Although from here it is pretty much the one guy who has taken the dare to visit the house on a particular night running from room to room either looking for or avoiding people, it is still most enjoyable.
Plus we have the delightful and enigmatic Barbara Steele.
There is some wooden dialogue and some unexplained bits and bobs but it is the super creepy atmosphere that is maintained throughout, that and the super musical score that keep this one moving nicely along.
DVD originates from US and has a few extras
They're not jawing journalists Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell from "His Girl Friday" or witty detective William Powell and sassy lady Myrna Loy from Thin Man, but Woody Allen and Scarlett Johansson are surprisingly charming as amateur sleuths in Scoop.
Their screwball repartee is more postmodern than post Depression, Allen's writing filled with ironic self deprecation and plain old New York angst.
Shades of the old wit occur rarely, such as when he, as Sid, the Great Splendini magician, responds about his background: "I was born into the Hebrew persuasion, but when I got older I converted to narcissism."
Johansson, fresh from Allen's Match Point as a bad girl, here gets to be a relatively good, sometimes ditsy journalism student caught in a murder mystery suitable for London: a serial killer.
The plot is a reworking of his recent London-based thriller Match Point, right down to the upper-class sins and the "American Tragedy"/Place in the Sun boating "accident."
As a matter of fact, Allen is reworking Manhattan Murder Mystery and Purple Rose of Cairo to name just a couple of other examples.
I care not if he reworks; I would like the new material to be at least the equal of the originals, and, alas, it is just a reflection of his younger greatness.Allen as director and actor can't hide his love for the actress, as he couldn't for Diane Keaton, and therefore takes a middling comedy into an appropriate place down the Allen canon, not great but amusing, at times brilliantly satirical: About the suspected upper-class murderer, Sid (Allen) quips, "I'd be very surprised if he killed one person."
This is vintage Allen humor.
While there are barely any bright literary allusions as in most of his film, he lards Scoop with music from Grieg, Tchaikovsky, and Strauss to let us know the Woodman has not lost his touch of class.
"Scoop" is also the name of a late-Thirties Evelyn Waugh novel, and Woody Allen's new movie, though set today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity.
It hasn't the depth of characterization, intense performances, suspense or shocking final frisson of Allen's penultimate effort "Match Point," (argued by many, including this reviewer, to be a strong return to form) but "Scoop" does closely resemble Allen's last outing in its focus on English aristocrats, posh London flats, murder, and detection.
This time Woody leaves behind the arriviste murder mystery genre and returns to comedy, and is himself back on the screen as an amiable vaudevillian, a magician called Sid Waterman, stage moniker The Great Splendini, who counters some snobs' probing with, "I used to be of the Hebrew persuasion, but as I got older, I converted to narcissism."
Following a revelation in the midst of Splendini's standard dematerializing act, with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky) the audience volunteer, the mismatched pair get drawn into a dead ace English journalist's post-mortem attempt to score one last top news story.
On the edge of the Styx Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) has just met the shade of one Lord Lyman's son's secretary, who says she was poisoned, and she's told him the charming aristocratic bounder son Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was the Tarot Card murderer, a London serial killer.
Sondra and Sid immediately become a pair of amateur sleuths.
With Sid's deadpan wit and Sondra's bumptious beauty they cut a quick swath through to the cream of the London aristocracy.Woody isn't pawing his young heroine muse -- as in "Match Point," Johansson again -- as in the past.
This time moreover Scarlett's not an ambitious sexpot and would-be movie star.
She's morphed surprisingly into a klutzy, bespectacled but still pretty coed.
Sid and Sondra have no flirtation, which is a great relief.
They simply team up, more or less politely, to carry out Strombel's wishes by befriending Lyman and watching him for clues to his guilt.
With only minimal protests Sid consents to appear as Sondra's dad.
Sondra, who's captivated Peter by pretending to drown in his club pool, re-christens herself Jade Spence.
Mr. Spence, i.e., Woody, keeps breaking cover by doing card tricks, but he amuses dowagers with these and beats their husbands at poker, spewing non-stop one-liners and all the while maintaining, apparently with success, that he's in oil and precious metals, just as "Jade" has told him to say.That's about all there is to it, or all that can be told without spoiling the story by revealing its outcome.
At first Allen's decision to make Johansson a gauche, naively plainspoken, and badly dressed college girl seems not just unkind but an all-around bad decision.
But Johansson, who has pluck and panache as an actress, miraculously manages to carry it off, helped by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress appear desirable, if he desires her.
The film actually creates a sense of relationships, to make up for it limited range of characters: Sid and Sondra spar in a friendly way, and Peter and Sondra have a believable attraction even though it's artificial and tainted (she is, after all, going to bed with a suspected homicidal maniac).What palls a bit is Allen's again drooling over English wealth and class, things his Brooklyn background seems to have left him, despite all his celebrity, with a irresistible hankering for.
Jackman is an impressive fellow, glamorous and dashing.
His parents were English.
But could this athletic musical comedy star raised in Australia ("X-Man's" Wolverine) really pass as an aristocrat?
Only in the movies, perhaps (here and in "Kate and Leopold").This isn't as strong a film as "Match Point," but to say it's a loser as some viewers have is quite wrong.
It has no more depth than a half-hour radio drama or a TV show, but Woody's jokes are far funnier and more original than you'll get in any such media affair, and sometimes they show a return to the old wit and cleverness.
It doesn't matter if a movie is silly or slapdash when it's diverting summer entertainment.
On a hot day you don't want a heavy meal.
The whole thing deliciously evokes a time when movie comedies were really light escapist entertainment, without crude jokes or bombastic effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson.
Critics are eager to tell you this is a return to the Allen decline that preceded "Match Point."
Don't believe them.
He doesn't try too hard.
Why should he?
He may be 70, but verbally, he's still light on his feet.
And his body moves pretty fast too.
This is one of the most spiritual movies I have ever seen.
I headed up with about 150 people to St. George and we saw this movie in the visiting center of the St. George temple.. Not one person had dry eyes in the audience.
Also, there were some non- religious and anti-Mormon people in the audience who felt the spirit of the movie and were touched by the captivating music and reenactment of the story of the pioneers and the hardships they faced because of their beliefs.I recommend this movie for anyone who wishes to understand more about Joseph and the hardships that the pioneers went through.
After all, it is apart of American History.
First off, anyone looking for meaningful "outcome oriented" cinema that packs some sort of social message with meaningful performances and soul searching dialog spoken by dedicated, emotive, heartfelt thespians, please leave now.
You are wasting your time and life is short, go see the new Brangelina Jolie movie, have a good cry, go out & buy a hybrid car or throw away your conflict diamonds if that will make you feel better, and leave us alone.Don't let the door hit you on the way out either.
THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is a grade B minus regional horror epic shot in the wastelands of Oklahoma by a young, TV friendly cast & crew, and concerns itself with an astronaut who is exposed to bizarre radiation effects, wakes up in a hospital, and finds that his body is liquefying on him as he sits there feeling like a chump.
The melting man is played by one Alex Rebar, who is recognizable for about the first four minutes of the film.
But once he starts oozin' with Rick Baker's extraordinary special effects makeup he more resembles something you might find in a tin of spam before you drain off all the runny, viscous blebs of grease.The film has zero exposition and does not bandy about with plot points: There are a couple of scenes involving scientist types riding around on an absurd industrial conveyor machine who dutifully recite a few obligatory lines about the effects of radiation but the movie does not care, really.
It's a freak show and a marvelous one at that with a decidedly sick sense of humor for those who can stomach it -- One great laugh comes when the melting man stumbles upon a young girl in the forest and is so at a loss for what to do that one of his eyes pops out.
Hilarious.The "hero" of the film is played by Burr DeBenning, a fascinating character actor from the golden 1970s & 80s television scene who was sort of an early model for the Kevin Spacey prototype; slightly twisted, neurotic, and one step ahead of most everyone in the room even if he looks confused.
He appeared just after this movie was made in a bizarre made for TV anthology horror piece called HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or THE ALIEN ZONE) that is regarded as one of the finest movies ever made in Oklahoma, which is where I suspect this film was made as well.
The arid, cold looking rural midwestern landscapes are certainly the same, and the creek that one unfortunate fly fisher chooses for his afternoon of sport appears to be the same one that Cameron Mitchell fought off flying alien pancakes in WITHOUT WARNING ... which also had a sick sense of humor, a TV friendly cast, and some pretty outrageous gore.
I definitely sense at least an aesthetic connection between the three movies, as well as THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS which is of no surprise considering that director Jonathan Demme is a part of MELTING MAN's cast.Essentially, as others have pointed out, this is a 1950s B movie plot updated for later 1970s era special effects & the inevitable boobs.
The movie it probably borrows most of it's ideas from is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to funky radiation effects that set him off on a killing spree.
One of the things that I actually admire about the film is that absolutely no regard is given for the melting man's motivations: He simply goes on a rampage and the movie's drama comes from wondering if he's going to fall to pieces before certain characters fall victim to his madness.
The budget for the film is also delightfully low and every dime spent on it is up there on the screen, Rick Baker's disgusting effects getting the lion's share of whatever was spent on this.Sick, disgusting fun best enjoyed with a crowd of friends and plenty of beer.
Why can't people have made more movies like these?
8/10
...........as I was when I saw this movie) I will never watch this movie again, not because it is a bad movie, but because it scared me so much!
As I said, I was 14 when my English teacher decided to show it to us; the reason for this is that we had read an extract from the book.All the girls in my class were TERRIFIED when the Woman in Black comes through the window and floats over Kidd's bed, although, just before that there is something that also frightened us, which was when Kidd finds the toy soldier underneath his pillow, and he hears a child's voice say "It's for you".
That scene still haunts me to this day, nearly 7 YEARS after I saw the film.If you are easily scared, AVOID THIS FILM!!!!!!!
!
This is one of the most calming, relaxing, and beautifully made animation films I've ever seen.
With beautiful music throughout the movie, the sounds and music can make you feel like you're in the movie!
This movie is not just great for kids, but adults too.
It teaches you lessons, such as never forget who you are, you can do whatever you stick your mind to, and to brave and daring.
This movie can make you cry at times too, which is always a nice touch in movies.
This movie is funny, sad, cute, and keeps you on the edge of your seat!
Some movies really give you a fuzzy feeling after you see them, and the movie "Spirit" is definitely one of them!
With my vote of 9/10 stars for animation, music, and a wonderful idea for a movie, it gave me a whole lot of Spirit!
One of the most definitive gangster films of the 80's, Scarface is very much a film of its time.
The first thing you notice when you watch this film is that it is screaming at you, 'made in 1983'.
The costumes, the music score and soundtrack, the hairstyles, make no mistake about it this is a film all about crime in the 80's and while it should have dated horribly it hasn't.
This is still a superb film.
While Georgio Moroder's music has dated a fair bit, it still compliments the story of Tony Montana well thanks to the superb screenplay by Oliver Stone and the first class direction of Brian De Palma, one of two films that he has made with Pacino (the other being the fantastic Carlito's Way).
All of De Palma's trademarks are here; the strong language, the graphic violence (more on that later), the stylish excesses such as grandiose set pieces and of course the stylish camera work.Pacino dominates the film and I mean that literally.
He is the dominant star of this film.
His performance over the top, this is one of those films were Pacino doesn't so much say his lines as he does shouts them, this time with a superb Cuban accent.
However, this is Pacino and he does it fantastically.
Only he could go this far over the top and still come away from the film with his acting integrity in tact.
While some may complain about his shouting of his lines and the sheer excess of it all, this is an excessive film.
Take a look at the production design of Tony's house, take a look at the violence in this film.
The chainsaw incident is downright brutal and their is blood everywhere.
The shoot out at the end has bodies going down at a rate that is more akin to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films.
Take a look at the amount of coke that is displayed in the film so Pacino's performance I suppose is perfect for the film.
He is supported by actors who are more akin to saying their lines in a more controlled way.
Steven Bauer, in particularly, as Manny, Tony's best friend, is the stand out of the supporting cast.
His performance is so controlled and quiet in a De Niro sort of way it is a wonder how he ended up doing straight to video soft porn.
Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds the glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a great debut as Tony's sister.Of course this is more than just a film about excess.
There is more to it than drugs, violence, chainsaw assaults and a big great shoot out.
This is a film about the darker side of the American dream.
In many ways it puts it on a thematic par with The Godfather films.
Tony finds himself coming to America, getting it all, living the American dream and then losing it all in violent fashion, and by saying he loses it all, I mean he loses it all.
He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire crumbles, literally, around him and to top it of he is killed in his own mansion, bullets ripping through him.
Without doubt Scarface is one of the key films of the early 80's.
Sure, it doesn't have the subtleties of The Godfather films, but this is still a fine film and one that is worth going to again and again.
I love horses and admire hand drawn animation, so I expected nothing short of amazement from Dreamworks new animated picture Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron.
I guess you could say I was a little bit disappointed.
You have wonderful animation and at first what seems like a perfect story.
A story about absolutely nothing but a horse in nature.
The animals don't sing cute songs or even talk -- a major plus.
Sadly, the film has an uncalled for narration by Matt Damon; a sappy soundtrack by Bryan Adams; and enough action scenes to compare it to a Jerry Bruckheimer production.
If the film makers would have just stayed with simplicity, we'd have a masterpiece here.
This is not a great film, but it is good entertainment for small children.
I would recommend this film to families because it has its heart in the right place and its the only thing out there right now that isn't offensive to small children.
Not bad, but could have been much better.
Very pretty visuals though.
Several features of this film immediately date it.
The sound is rather shrill and one realizes what great strides have been accomplished in sound reproduction in the ensuing years.
The language of the dialogue is rather quaint and unnatural and the acting is still reminiscent of its transition from the stage techniques.Bette Davis always gives a strong performance in all her films as she does in this early period of her very successful career.
I do feel however that somehow the cockney accent does not fit the facial expression.
I think it is the assumed cockney accent that does not ring true for me.Somerset Maughan loves to delve into human relationships of great dramatic intensity which will please all movie-goers.
As in so many of her character roles, Bette Davis can switch from a beautiful seductive woman to a viper full of fiery hatred.
Leslie Howard is well cast as the withdrawn English artist with a club foot desperately seeking a partner and making a bad choice in a scheming little waitress.Towards the end of the film the young doctor meets his true love in a busy street.
They cross through the traffic completely oblivious to a multitude of horns and whistles screaming at them.
This scene is possibly meant to be funny, but i find it quite ridiculous in this otherwise very serious film.
It is probably construed to send you home with a smile on your face.
And after all as far as we can see (and hope for) it is a happy ending.
Both visually and musically stunning.
A treat for both the eye and the ear.
The quintessential Victorian element of the opening sequences were completely enchanting, helping to create a Christmas scene of which Dickens himself would have been justifiably proud.
Technically the production is visually stimulating and the special effects are both imaginatively devised and creatively achieved in a traditional stage setting.
The dancing of many of the lead artistes is breathtakingly good.
The photography and lighting are first class and the sound recording admirably matches the overall high level of technical skills employed.
A great film for all the family at Christmas time and a most delightful discovery which will withstand multiple viewing.
Most people who have seen this movie thinks that it is the best movie ever made.
I disagree but this movie is very very good.
Tony is a bad ass guy and knows that he's intimidating and uses it to get ahead.
It's about him and how he goes from washing dishes to having a huge house and a office with cocaine all over the desk.
If you want a family movie then this isn't the way to go but if you want mobsters and vengeance and stuff like that then you'll like it.
I liked this movie a lot.
The animation was well done and the romance was cute.
I liked most of Bryan Adams' songs and the Hans Zimmer score was excellent.
What a lot of people don't realize is how well it relates to the Heart of Darkness/Apocalypse Now themes (what happens when so-called "civilization" invades someone elses home, what does it mean to be "civilized" etc.).
The opening scenery and music were very stirring.
The film is a lament to an America that was once beautiful.
Of the spate of Austen films from the 1990s, this is my favorite, more even than "Persuasion," which was the one that converted me to Austeniana.
Before seeing this "Emma" I had seen two previous versions, but in one Emma seemed all wrong, more like Lady Teazle, and in the other she seemed half wrong, like a possible impostor, whereas here she seemed just right, young and silly and stubborn.
In general I thought the attitude and the atmosphere of the production conveyed the charm of the novel exceedingly well; indeed it is one of the sweetest, merriest things I have ever seen, rather in the nature of a Christmas treat.
The script is unusually well formed, and the adapter's additions, like the shaft of light that reveals Harriet to Emma in church, are all in keeping.
Mark Strong as Knightley is not what I would have expected, but I enjoyed him very much: he strongly brings out the plain-spoken, practical side of the character, in contrast with Emma's affectations, and his choleric outbursts against Frank Churchill are quite funny.
Bernard Hepton makes Mr. Woodhouse a figure of almost Carrollian absurdity; Samantha Morton as Emma's protégé is exactly as soft and exactly as firm as she ought to be.
And as in the same producers' "Pride and Prejudice," care is taken that the eventual couplings of characters can be believed--uniquely in some cases.
For me this production was and remains a delight.
Any film in the early days of Orson Welles is a triumph all the way to The third Man with Joseph Cotton.
He is also wonderful in a Touch Of Evil.
Please see them all!
He tends to get pompous and self serving in films like F is for Fake, really stupid waste of film.Don't waste your time watching it.
it is really ignorant.
Orson Welles is a film icon and anyone studying film should see everything he has filmed.
All his leading ladies are tremendous but in the end Welles became a fat drunk, like his character in A Touch Of Evil!
For some reason Orson Welles had a way with women, I see how he could be considered attractive in his youth, not like Gary Cooper or Joseph Cotton, or Cary Grant,John Wayne, I could go on and on but I digress... and because I am a woman,I can see the attraction to him.
He (Orson Welles) is one of the last true film makers and unless you count the film-makers of today: Tarantino, Scorscese, Spike Lee, most of the film makers just don't measure up to the film makers of the Forties!
I know there are many more great film makers of today but in such a short amount of time I can't name them all.
No Offense to any of the great film makers of this millennium!
August 21,2006.
Please remind me of some current up and coming film makers, I don't want to be stuck in the past!
I love some of the films out now, but rarely are there any that I would put on a "100 best" list.. "Hustle and Flow" was great, so was "Fargo", and "Oh, Brother, where art thou," from a line in Sullivan's travels; another fine film from the forties!
Can anyone give me a best list for the 90's and on up to 2006?
I would like to know who to watch!
Thank you!
Also Props to this website!
Where else can you plug a film or boo it!
i love the ranting and raving from regular folks like me who can say what I want and I promise not to spoil any film for someone who hasn't seen it yet!
Return to the 36th Chamber is one of those classic Kung-Fu movies which Shaw produces back in the 70s and 80s, whose genre is equivalent to the spaghetti westerns of Hollywood, and the protagonist Gordon Liu, the counterpart to the western's Clint Eastwood.
Digitally remastered and a new print made for the Fantastic Film Fest, this is "Presented in Shaw Scope", just like the good old days.This film is a simple story of good versus evil, told in 3 acts, which more or less sums up the narrative of martial arts films in that era.Act One sets up the premise.
Workers in a dye-mill of a small village are unhappy with their lot, having their wages cut by 20% by incoming manchu gangsters.
They can't do much about their exploitation because none of them are martial arts skilled to take on the gangsters, and their boss.
At first they had a minor success in getting Liu to impersonate a highly skilled Shaolin monk (one of the best comedy sequences), but their rouse got exposed when they pushed the limit of credibility by impersonating one too many times.Act Two shows the protagonist wanting to get back at the mob.
However, without real martial arts, he embarks on a journey to Shaolin Temple, to try and infiltrate and learn martial arts on the sly.
After some slapstick moments, he finally gets accepted by the abbot (whom he impersonated!)
but is disappointed at the teaching methods - kinda like Mr Miyagi's style in Karate Kid, but instead of painting fences, he gets to erect scaffoldings all around the temple.
Nothing can keep a good man down, and he unwittingly builds strength, endurance and learns kung-fu the unorthodox way.Act Three is where the fight fest begins.
With cheesy sound effects, each obvious non-contact on film is given the maximum impact treatment.
But it is rather refreshing watching the fight scenes here, with its wide angled shots to highlight clarity and detail between the sparring partners, and the use of slow-motion only to showcase stunts in different angles.
You may find the speed of fights a tad too slow, with some pause in between moves, but with Yuen Wo Ping and his style being used ad-nausem in Hollywood flicks, they sure don't make fight scenes like they used to!
Return to the 36th chamber gets a repeat screening on Monday, so, if you're game for a nostalgic trip down memory lane, what are you waiting for?
"FULL HOUSE," in my opinion, is an absolute ABC classic!
I'm not sure if I've never seen every episode, but I still enjoyed it.
One of my favorite episodes is where Jesse (John Stamos) and Rebecca (Lori Loughlin) get married.
If you want to know how what made it so funny, you'd have to have seen it for yourself.
It was a two-parter, so you'd have to have seen both parts.
Another one of my favorite episodes is where Jesse, Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin), and Michelle (Mary Kate & Ashley Olsen) get locked in a gas station on Michelle's birthday.
You'd also have to have seen it for yourself if you want to know how and why that happened.
I have many other ones that I like, too.
Everyone always gave a good performance, the production design was spectacular, the costumes were well-designed, and the writing was always very strong.
In conclusion, even though it can be seen in syndication now, I strongly recommend you catch it just in case it goes off the air for good.
Reading a wide variety of "Scoop" reviews over the past few days, I walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from Woody.
Happily, I couldn't have been more wrong.
Granted, Woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, but Woody the writer/director is in fine form - and found a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story.
Judging from the laughter and guffaws, the audience ate up Allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that I haven't seen in several years.
In a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of both satisfaction and inspiration to see Allen pursuing his highly personal and still-rewarding path.
Brilliant kung-fu scenes, loads of melodrama, peculiar footwear symbolism and an unhappy (?)
end makes Barefoot Kid an unforgettable film.One of the silliest subtitles I've seen...
I saw this film on TV many years ago and I saw this film when I got this on tape.
I thought that this was reasonably well done.
It was not the best of all movies, but it was good enough.
The movie has enough talent to inspire many people, especially younger kids.
The acting was good, with Danny Glover leading the cast.
The plot line was not very believable, but the script was well written.
This movie can also be the interest of avid baseball fans.
It does not directly apply to a action-packed sports movie.
It directly applies to a nice film that you can watch with your family and learn some messages that are hidden in this film.
Overall, the film was good, but not great.
I give this a movie a 7/10.
Many critics have felt offended that R.W.
Fassbinder has portrayed both protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this movie in a human-like manner.
Connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films, however, will realize that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "women movies" like "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981).
Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better with women than with men", because, according to Fassbinder, while men usually fulfill their determined roles in society, "women are capable of thinking in a dialectic manner".
Dialectics, however, means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis like usually in our black-and-white world, but a synthesis where the oppositions coincide.
Moreover, dialectic means that because of the third instance of synthesis the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished.
Concretely speaking: Starting from a dialect point of view and portraying the fascist state, the underground fighters must necessarily use the basic means like the rulers do, and between offenders and victims there is thus a chiastic relation, so that every offender is also victim and every victim is also offender.
Fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme, that transcends classical logic, in his play "The City, the Garbage and the Death" (1975) which was filmed by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976).Therefore, approaching an a priori controversial topic like Nazi Germany, in a dialectic manner, the depiction of this time in the form of a movie gets even more controversial, especially for people who cannot or do not want to see that our recognition of the world is by far not exhausted with a primitive light-switch schema, but needs the third instance of synthesis as controlling instance of its opposite members thesis and antithesis.
The mutual relationship between offenders and victims has to scrutinized, since it is simply not true that the offenders are the bad ones and the victims the good ones.
In a synthetic viewpoint, the bad ones participate on the goodness as the good ones participate on the badness.
They are mutually related.
In a world-view based on classical logic, a relation between good and bad cannot even been established, and in an ethics based on this insufficient system of logic, the bad conscience of the survivors of Nazi Germany, feeling (illogically enough) responsible for the deeds of their ancestors, exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and thus a synthesis in the form a new evaluation based on this relationship as well.
From Fassbinder's dialectic viewpoint, it follows that neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can be condemned for their "misuse" of the ruling system for their private purposes, because they don't misuse them, they just use them.
In the opposite, since victims must repeat the actions of the offenders as the offenders must repeat the actions of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are no longer simple mirror images of one another like in two-valued logic, their strategies are legitimated by the chiastic structure of a logic that describes our world, that is not black and white at all, much better than a black-and-white logic.
Although I don't usually go for relentlessly heartwarming fare like this, I happened to catch the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) on cable one Saturday morning just as it was starting.
Being an Adrien Brody fan, I was curious to see what Brody was like as a youth of 21 (20 when he filmed it, I suppose) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling, utility infielder for the California Angels (in the 1951 original, the hard-luck baseball team was the Pittsburgh Pirates.
The name change is a nice touch, since it turns the title into wordplay).
I decided to give the flick a chance, and it turned out to be a pretty painless, even amiable experience, with a decent balance of laughs, tears, sweetness, and baseball-based excitement.
Also, my 7-year-old daughter liked the angel effects!
:-) Directed by Mike Nesmith's frequent collaborator William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a foster child who prays real hard after his ne'er-do-well dad (the convincingly sleazy Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically says they'll be a family again once the last-place California Angels win the pennant.
Soon Roger starts seeing real angels at the Angels' games, led by Christopher Lloyd, whose usual zany, eccentric irreverence keeps AitO from plummeting irretrievably into The Schmaltz Zone.
Crusty manager George Knox (Danny Glover in world-weary, exasperated mode) is a hard sell, but once the team starts winning, he believes Roger's angel sightings, and soon Knox has Roger and his cute li'l pal and fellow foster kid J.P. (the adorable Milton Davis Jr.) at every Angels game for good luck.
Knox even starts toning down his own temperamental outbursts and profane language, as much to appease the angels as for the kids' sake, resulting in a funny bit when he starts dressing down an umpire in his usual way but starts editing himself as he goes along.
Predictable obstacles ensue, such as obnoxious sportcaster Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders) trying to make trouble for Knox because of the angel angle.
Sure, it all works out fine for our heroes in the end, but they're so darn amiable you don't mind!
:-) Baby-faced Brody has a couple of good lines (I especially like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the National Anthem at a ballgame) as well as a cute bit where a pretty blonde angel massages his shoulders before he goes up to bat.
Brody isn't the only future star in AitO's lineup: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course, young Gordon-Levitt went on to co-star in TV's 3rd ROCK FROM THE SUN as well as such films as 10 THINGS I HATE ABOUT YOU.
The always-amusing Taylor Negron and Oscar winners (but not for this film :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson lend able support.
If you're a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie appropriate for the kids and check out some notable young actors before they became stars, AitO '94 will do nicely.
Well-done ghost story that will give you the creeps and some pretty fair scares along the way.
The story unfolds slowly, building atmosphere all the way until you're ready to see the woman in black.
You won't forget her once you've seen her.
No gore, no knives, no hockey masks--just a well-constructed story that is best viewed at night with the lights out.
This movie, even though it is over 70 years old is still a very moving, strong film.
Bette Davis, as the slutty, vicious Cockney waitress Mildred is absolutely believable.
Watching her performance is still spellbinding.
She makes the viewer absolutely despise her and pity her at the same time.
Leslie Howard's performance as the weak, obsessed Phillip Carey is not as strong, but I don't see how any actor could hold their own against Ms. Davis's performance.
She chews up the scenery in every scene she is in, totally stealing the show.
This is the movie that sealed her stardom and she deserved to win the Academy Award, but lost.
It was shocking for it's day what with themes of unwed pregnancy, multiple sex partners, and Mildred's vicious language so it is somewhat dated, but still an excellent movie.
Just to see the scene where Mildred tells Phillip what she REALLY thinks of him ("You cad, you dirty swine....") is still some of the greatest acting I have ever seen on film.
I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven.
Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had "more important" things to do.
Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too "girly."
Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I once again became addicted to it.
Full House has made me laugh and cry.
It's made me realize how nice it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom.
I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable.
But look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver.
The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt.
The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times.
What's any more real than that?
If anything the show has lifted me up when I'm down and brought me up even higher when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness.
I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive obsessiveness over Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen.
(Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the cutest babies I have ever seen.
They are great actresses and seem to be very nice people.)
Wow.
Something of a surprise.
Though flawed, it is far better that I expected.The brand new space liner Arcturus with some 3,000 passengers is in the final days of its sixteen day trip to Jupiter.
Without warning, the ship's Cerebral (central computer) sounds a disaster alarm and orders everyone to evacuate.
Soon, there are only a handful of people remaining including one of the ship's astrogators (Penny), the captain (Cary), and the director of the shipping line (Kenyon).It turns out that the alarm was false and that the main Cerebral is actingerratically.
The remaining passengers and crew must escape the ship andavoid personal conflicts in order to survive.The film starts out very well.
The opening commercial is a very nice touch.
There are obvious parallels to 2001: A Space Odyssey and to the historicsinking of the Titanic.
The film does slow down at times and has pacingproblems, but is generally well made and well acted.
I saw this on TV so long ago that I can't remember when it was, but it still stands out as one of the scariest, most unnerving films I've ever seen.
There is a simultaneously subtle but intense dread induced by the woman in black lurking at the edge of the frame, not quite clearly visible, so that you feel (like the solicitor hero), unsure whether its just imagination or not.
It is also one of the few films which has really made me fearful to keep watching.
"Production values" be hanged, good films are about a director's ability to create atmosphere using film, actors, locations/sets, music, attention to detail, and ...imagination.
A real gem.
- After their sons are sentenced to life in prison, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shirley Winters) begin receiving threatening phone calls because someone fells their sons got off easy.
The pair decides to move to California to escape the publicity of the trial and to start a new life.
They start a dance school that is soon very successful.
One of the students has a rich unmarried father with whom Adelle quickly falls in love.
In the meantime, Helen is busy raising rabbits and becoming a little too infatuated with an evangelist on the radio.
It's only a mater of time before everything falls apart and the women enter a world of madness and murder.- I can't help but compare What's the Matter with Helen?
to Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?, also starring Shelly Winters.
Where that movie seemed almost restrained in its presentation of Auntie Roo's madness, there's nothing holding Helen back in this movie.
It may take a good deal of the movie's running time, but once she snaps, Helen is one Bad Mad Mutha.
You don't want to mess with her.
Winters is so delightfully demented that it was impossible for me not to enjoy her performance.
I'm not going to spoil the movie, but the things Helen is capable of are totally over-the-top.- As good as Winters is, Reynolds is totally ridiculous in her role as the gold-digging tap dancer.
I got the impression that she thought she was in a movie that would get her nominated for some award.
This ain't Citizen Kane!
Quit acting so serious.
Hey, Debbie, don't you realize that you're main purpose is to be a victim of Winters' insanity.- I just love these former-female-stars-in-the-twilight-of-their-career horror movies.
What's the Matter with Helen?
is as fun as any.
I must admit I'm a little surprised and disappointed at some of the very negative comments this film seems to provoke.
I think its a great horror/sci fi film.
Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after an historical space flight to Saturn.
While in space he contracted some bizarre and unknown disease.
He wakes up in a hospital bed, he looks in a mirror and before his very eyes his face is melting!
Escaping the hospitals supervision, he hides out in some local woods surrounding a small town.
Unfortunately he starts to develop a rapidly growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people.
He must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive!
Stalking human prey he begins his reign of terror!
Its up to his old friend Dr Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try and help him.
He has to work alone as his boss General Perry (Myron Healey) wants it kept ultra quiet.
Nelson can't even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny).
However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious as General Perry turns up just as some of the local townspeople start turning up half eaten.
I don't really understand why this film gets such negative reviews, what do people expect?
Anyway, I really like this film.
The star of the film are unquestionably Rick Bakers Special Make-up and gore effects which for the most part are excellent, and the fact their all prosthetic effects and no rubbish horrible CGI makes them even better.
Writer and Director William Sachs isn't afraid to use them either, we get some nice long lingering close up shots of the incredible melting man and they hold up very well, even now.
Photography, music and direction are a little bit dull, but professional enough.
The script manages to create some sympathy for the the monster, shots of him looking longingly into Ted Nelsons house, or when he sees his own reflection in some water and reacts violently.
The ending, set in a large factory of some sort, is pretty downbeat so don't expect any happy ending.
Which surprised me.
Also, the script doesn't really do anything with the premise, he just walks around melting and killing, with his friend trying to stop him, maybe a bit too simple.
Personally I think the worst bit of the film is near the start when the fat nurse runs down a hospital corridor in slow motion, her screams are also portrayed in slow motion too, it looks and sounds totally ridiculous!
You need to see it to believe it!
I like this film a lot and recommend it to 70's and 80's horror/sci fi fans.
A bit of a favourite of mine.
Despite gorgeous and breathtaking animation, this is probably one of most uninspiring Disney films I've seen, and I don't slam Disney films very often.
Spirit is a wild stallion who repeatedly gets captured, either by the cavalry or by Indians, both of which try to "break" him.
Spirit ends up forming a bond with the Indian, and that, in a nutshell, is the story.
With exception to the beautiful animation of the horses, neither I or my five year old were very inspired or excited by this film.
It's ironic that it's titled "Spirit", as spirit is what this film could have used a bit more of.
An extra point was given for the soundtrack, which was enjoyable, with songs by Bryan Adams and Hans Zimmer.
And although this film is rated G, you will still probably have to end up explaining what "breaking a horse" means to your five year old.
I did.
"A Family Affair" takes us back to a less complicated time in America.
It's sobering to see how different everything was back then.
It was a more innocent era in our country and we watch a 'functional' family dealing in things together.
The film also marks the beginning of the series featuring the Hardy family.The film, directed by George Seitz, is based on a successful play.
Judge James Hardy, and his wife Emmily, are facing a domestic crisis that must be dealt with.
Married daughter Joan comes home after she has committed a social blunder and her husband holds her responsible.
At the same time, another daughter, Marion, brings home a beau, who is clear will clash with her father.
The happy teen ager Andy, seems to be the only one without a problem until his mother makes him escort Polly to the dance, something he is reluctant to do.Needless to say, Judge Hardy will prove why he knows best as he puts a plan into action to get everyone together again.
After all, he is a man that understands, not only the law, but how to deal with those outside forces that threatens his standing in the community and what will make his family happy.Lionel Barrymore plays Judge Hardy with conviction.
He is the glue that holds everything together.
Spring Byington is seen as Emily, the mother.
Mickey Rooney has a small part in this film, but he is as always, fun to watch.
Cecilia Parker and Julie Haydon appeared as the daughters, Marion and Joan.
Sara Hayden and Margaret Marquis are also featured in the film as Aunt Milly and Polly, the girl that surprises Andy with her beauty.
"A Family Affair" is a good way to observe our past through the positive image painted of an American family.
Written by Oliver Stone and directed by Brian De Palma, SCARFACE paints a picture not easily forgotten.
Al Pacino turns in a stunning performance as Tony Montana, a Cuban refugee than becomes a powerful player in the drug world as he ruthlessly runs his self made kingdom of crime in Florida.
This gangster flick is harsh, violent, loud, gross, unpleasant and must hold the record for uttering the word "f--k" the most number of times.
Almost three hours long, and yes it can get repulsive.
A stout hearted constitution keeps you in your seat cheering for the demise of a ruthless crime lord.Also playing interesting characters are Michelle Pfeiffer, Steven Bauer, Robert Loggia, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, F. Murray Abraham and Angel Salazar.
Pacino proves to be one of the greatest of his generation.
He manages to bring reality to his character that leaves a strong impression.
This will not be a movie for everyone for you leave thinking you walked away from a disaster.
Is that powerful enough for you?
Crime does not pay for long!
I took a chance on "Hardcastle and McCormick" by purchasing the first season's worth (Canadian release) from Amazon.
When I got it, I started with the pilot, and I was instantly hooked after that.
I rated it 5 stars on Amazon, and I am rating it 10 stars here.
It is just that good.
What I liked about it were the opening and closing themes, and of course Stephen J. Cannell's logo at the end of each episode, but most of all, the relationship between the Judge and Mark as they worked together to crack each case.
I was so hooked that I also purchased the second season as a companion, and I enjoyed it equally.
If you do not have this excellent series on disc, I believe that you should purchase it and put it in your collection.
You know, this movie isn't that great, but, I mean, c'mon, it's about angels helping a baseball team.
I find the plot line to be hilarious anyways, this kid's dad says he'll take him back if the angels win the pennant (because he knows they won't) Kid prays to his fake god to help the angels win, god helps the whole time (via the angel Christopher Lloyd, RIP) And in the end, his dad doesn't take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face.
it's hilarious until Danny Glover adopts it and it's friend.I guess the upside is that the old lady is left alone to die with her stitchin' projects and her stories.
The real winner here, though, is god.
Because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.As a kids movie, it gets a 7.
As a movie about the mysteries of blind, stupid faith, and the nature of "god," it gets a 10.
I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was o.k., but missing something.
Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off, or the labored line delivery of a leading lady.
The next day I kept thinking about the movie, though.
I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head, I kept trying to better remember Thelma Todd's first scene, I considered that maybe Keaton did do some funny falls and physical comedy.
The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal.
A very funny scene, the actors excellent, their faces, their eyes, their silly expressions.
So I watched another scene, their show is opening on Broadway.
Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act.
Again, I was laughing out loud, appreciating Keaton's clowning and tumbling.
So the next night I watched the whole movie again, and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupendous!
It's Sensational!
It's Sublime!
Three great comedians!
Todd dances!
Durante sings!
Keaton speaks!
Sure it ain't poifect...but there's a lot of laughs in this picture.
This was a great movie with a good story.
My children (10, 7, 5, and 4) all loved this movie, including myself.
The music was also fantastic.
No, the horses do not talk, but instead, the story is told by Spirit.
And to hear a story told by a horse's point if view was fun.I think the title says it all, "spirit".
This movie really gives you a sense of family and home and friends.
I would have to say my 4 year old boy and 5 year old girl were really touched by this movie, and even got so into it, they laughed so hard, and they cheered for spirit in the end.
Enjoy "Spirit" with your family and have your spirit lifted with this heartwarming story.
Your kids will love it.
I think you will too.
Film dominated by raven-haired Barbara Steele, it was seen when I was seven or eight and created permanent images of pallid vampiric men and women stalking a castle, seeking blood.
Steele is an icon of horror films and an otherworldly beauty, and the views of the walking dead pre-date Romero's NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD shamblers, unifying them in my mind.I don't see the connection between this film and THE HAUNTING, which is clever but ambiguous about the forces present.
LA DANZA MACABRE is a b-movie without pretention, daring you to fall in love with Barbara Steele and suffer the consequences.
There's no such draw to HAUNTING's overwrought Claire Bloom.
The comparisons to the HAUNTING are superficial.And no, this movie does NOT need to be remade.
Not only is it a product of the Sixties, but the large percentage of talentless cretins in Hollywood cannot fathom MACABRE's formula for terror.
That formula is based on one overriding factor: GOOD WRITING.
Low-grade classics like CASTLE and Corman's Poe films with R. Matheson and Tourneur's OUT OF THE PAST share a commonality of strong writing.
It's simple.
Get a real writer like Richard Matheson or Steve McQuarrie and let them put a plot into today's cinematic mess.
Besides that, let Hollywood attempt some original material for a change, and stop exploiting the obviously superior product of the past.
***SPOILERS*** Seething with hatred and revenge half breed Zach Provo, James Coburn, had spent the last 11 years on a chain gang planing his escape.
What Provo want's more then freedom is to even the score with the man who captured him and in the process, during a wild shootout, killed his Navajo wife: The former Pima County sheriff Sam Burgade, Charlton Heston.Making his escape after killing two prison guards Provo makes his way towards Yuma knowing that that's not just where Burgade lives but where his his young daughter Susan, Barbara Hershey,resides as well.
Using his fellow escaped convicts to lure Burgade into the vast Arizona Desert, by promising them $30,000.00 in gold coins that he buried there, Provo plans to exact his bloody vengeance on Burgade.
But only after having him witness his daughter being brutally raped by his fellow convicts or are, in not being with a woman for years, as horny as a rabbit during mating season!Brutal and very effective western that updates the John Wayne 1956 classic "The Searchers" in a father searching through dangerous Indian territory for his kidnapped daughter.
Charlton Heston as the guilt-ridden Sam Burgade in his felling somehow responsible for killing Provo's wife and then having to face the fact that the same thing can very well happen to his daughter Susan is perfect in the role of the aging and retired sheriff.
Charles Coburn as the vengeful half breed Zach Provo is also at his best as the obsessed with hatred and murder escaped convict.The man who escaped with Provo are really not interest in his personal affairs but have no choice, in that he knows the territory like the back of his hand, but to go along with him.
It's only the thought of them having their way with Susan, when Provo gives them the green light, as well as the buried $30,000.00 in gold coins that keeps them from breaking up and going their own way.Also going along with Burgade is Susan's boyfriend Hal Brickman, Chris Mitchum, who proves in the end that he's as good as Burgade is, who felt that he just didn't have it in him, in both tracking down the escaped criminals as well as using common sense, which in this case Burgade lacks, in doing it.
***SPOILERS**** The unbelievably brutal and blood splattered showdown between Burgade and Provo is almost too much to sit through.
Provo who's hatred of Burgade bordered on out right insanity wanted him to suffer a slow and excruciating death.
it was that hatred that Bugrade took advantage of and, after taking some half dozen bullets, thus ended up putting the crazed and blood thirsty, as well as mindless, lunatic away for good!
Somewhere near the bottom of the film studio ladder you can find companies like U.F.O, Troma and beneath them lie Seduction cinema.Seduction is a direct to video production company that specialize in lesbian themed, non-hardcore erotic movies.
It has developed a very dedicated fan base that purchase each new title as they are released but sadly the company has become too closely associated with frequent star Misty Mundae.
I say sadly because recent mainstream interest and her appearance on the show Masters of Horrors has caused her to set her sights a little higher than the zero budget S.C efforts which forces the company to find a new identity.
But back in their glory days they released this film on a very appreciative world.The gorgeous Misty Mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of a absent father.
At the school she meets her absurdly hot room-mate played by Ruby Larocca who immediately has designs on her but the headmistress (Barbara Joyce) has other plans.
In typical S.C style the movie stops every ten minutes for a extended sex scene but unlike most of their efforts this one has a somewhat interesting story and a couple of good performances.
Ms. Larocca appears to be having a great time as the sexual predator who views Misty as a tasty meal and Darian Caine makes a welcome (though brief) appearance as Satan.
This is the sort of film that Jess Franco would crank out in the 70s (although this one does not have the hardcore sex that Franco was always willing to throw in for foreign sales) and fans of that madman's work would be wise to give this one a go.To me, as a long time zero budget cinema fan (and Troma worshiper), I came across the Seduction cinema films through their parody films (Playmate of the apes, Who wants to be a erotic billionaire) but I actually prefer their more original works.
You either see past the low budget and occasionally weak acting or you get hung up on these things and just hate all of these films.
For me the most obvious thing that unites these no-budget movies is a real sense of fun.
These low budget companies are able to create their own unique style which gives the viewer something very different from the bland, by the numbers, studio efforts that load up the multiplexes.If you have never seen a Seduction cinema film either this or Sin Sisters (featuring both of the Mundae sisters) are excellent choices to begin with.
This one is a fun, fast paced film (although the frequent exterior shots of the school do get a little old) and the DVD is totally loaded with extras including a ton of previews of other company offerings, a great behind the scenes featurette and some deleted scenes including a alternate opening.
I do recommend you pass on the disc's bonus feature, the first film by director, as it is quite weak and not really worth viewing.
I agree with "Jerry."
It's a very underrated space movie (of course, how many good low-budget ones AREN'T underrated?)
If I remember correctly, the solution to the mystery was a sort of variation (but not "rip-off") of 2001, because the computer controlling the spaceship had actually been a man, who had somehow been turned into a computer.
And like HAL, they tried to disconnect his "mind", but not the mechanical parts of him, and as with HAL, it led to disaster.
There is at least one funny moment.
When the Christopher Cary character, who can't find any food, finds the abandoned pet bird, there's a kind of ominous moment, but then the obvious thing doesn't happen after all.
I usually steer clear of TV movies because of the many ways you know that it's TV movies five seconds into the picture.
This one got my attention because of the unusual title and its gloomy, well-crafted mood that is established from the very start.
While the ever present rain confirmed my suspicions of a misplaced story (even if claiming to be set in California the movie was largely shot around a stormy Vancouver, B.C.
), the dark and oppressive outdoors beautifully complement Olmos' excellent acting.
The subsequent two seasons of this original series was less than lacklustre.
The latter seasons disastrous reshuffle contributed to its three season short life span.
Maybe if the plug was pulled after the first season it would've gained a cult following.Aside from that, the first season was truly hilarious!
Witty, clever with superb writing it was promising.
The first season's excellent brew had the right ingredients - characters/actors, storyline and so forth.
Plus a comedy about a paparazzi reporter was original to boot.
Nora and her fellow "photographers" on the prowl, night after night, day after day for the exclusives.A lot of things don't make sense to me.
Like how this show, and another fav of mine - Gross Pointe never "made it".
If only the first seasons of the Naked Truth, and Grosse Pointe were released on DVD, please anyone out there?
!
I had the privilege of watching Scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the films release.
It was great to see this on the big screen as so much of it is lost on television sets and the overall largesse of this project cannot be emphasized enough.
Scarface is the remake of a classic rags to riches to the depths of hell story featuring Al Pacino as Cuban drug lord Tony Montana.
In this version, Tony comes to America during the Cuban boat people immigration wave in the late 1970s, early 1980s.
Tony and his cohorts quickly get green cards by offing a political figure in Tent City and after a brief stay at a Cuban restaurant; Tony is launched on his horrific path to towards total destruction.
Many of the characters in this movie a played in such skilled manner that is so enjoyable to watch I have forgot little of this film over the last twenty years.
Robert Loggia as Tony's patron, Frank Lopez is wonderful.
His character is flawed by being too trusting, and as Tony quickly figures out, soft.
Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez is portrayed by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.)
Suarez is the ultimate toady and will do anything for Frank; it is like he does not have a mind of his own.
Tony quickly sees this and he constantly battles with Suarez, but really only sees him as a minor problem to get through on his way to the top.
The character that always comes back to me as being played so perfectly is Mel Bernstein, the audaciously corrupt Miami Narcotics detective played by Harris Yulin (Training Day.)
Mel, without guilt extorts great sums of money form all sides of the drug industry.
He plays Tony off of Frank until it catches up with him in a scene that marks the exit from the film of both Frank and Mel.
It is priceless to hear Frank asking for Mel to intercede, as Tony is about to kill him only to hear Mel reply, `It's your tree Frank, you're sitting in it.'
This is from the man who Frank had been paying for protection!Tony's rise is meteoric and is only matched in speed and intensity by his quick crash and burn.
After offing Frank and taking his wife and business Tony's greed takes over and he never can seem to get enough.
As Tony plunges deeper into the world of drugs, greed and the inability to trust he eventually kills his best friend and his sister who had fallen in love and married.
This all sets up the ending in which Tony's compound is stormed by an army from his supplier who feels betrayed because Tony would not go through with a political assassination that was ordered.
This all stems form a compassionate moment when Tony refused to be an accomplice in a murder that would have involved the victim's wife and children.All in all this is a great depiction of 1980s excess and cocaine culture.
DePalma does a nice job of holding it all together in one of the fastest moving three hour movies around.
The violence is extremely graphic and contains a few scenes that will be forever etched on any viewers mind, particularly the gruesome chainsaw seen, the two point blank shots to the head and the entire bloody melee that ends the movie.
This is a highly recommended stylistically done film that is not for the squeamish, or for those who need upbeat endings and potential sequels; DePalma let it all fly right here.
for whoever play games video games here did anybody notice that the GTA:Vice City Mansion inside the game and some other things including weapons from the movie that are connected to this movie and this movie inspired the makers of the game (Rockstar Games) to copy some things from this movie and by the way this is one of the best 80's movies out there i recommend this for anybody who still didn't see it 10/10 no questions asked
This movie is a perfect portrayal of The Nutcracker; the dancing is wonderful, the scenery in the background was excellent, and I LOVED THAT FLOATING BED.Oh, and the costumes...
I particularly loved Marzipan's, the tutu was adorable.
The special effects were very well done (e.g.
the tree, the bed, etc.
), and I quite enjoyed the rats.
I love how they didn't make them scary, but cute and huggable.
Except for the king, I suppose.If you're a thoroughly masculine person, you won't enjoy this, but this is a very good movie that's good for all ages - just not all levels of testosterone.But I have a few complaints.Firstly, why did they have to put the Sugar Plum Fairy's partner in those terrible tights?
It would barely make a difference if he was butt naked!
And secondly.. why on EARTH did they have to make Culkin's outfit PINK?
"Match Point" and now "Scoop" have both convinced me that not only is Woody Allen doing a neat job making movies in England (and that Scarlett Johansson is the right cast member), but corroborated what I have known for years: he shouldn't focus on neurotic rich New Yorkers.
In this case, Johansson plays journalism student Sondra Pransky, whom magician Sid Waterman (Allen) puts in his disappearing box, where she meets the ghost of murdered reporter Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), who tells her that the serial killings that have plagued London were committed by millionaire Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman).
So, she gets to know him, and...well, I don't know how much I can tell you without giving it away.
But I can say that this is probably Allen's funniest movie in years.
There's his ubiquitous unique style of humor (especially the line about his religion).So, you're sure to like this movie.
If nothing else, it'll make you fall in love with London.
But mostly, it's just so damn hilarious.
Even if you don't like Woody Allen, you gotta love this one.
Yaitate!!
Japan is a really fun show and I really like it!
It was shown in our country just recently in Hero TV and ABS-CBN every 5:30.
It is about Azuma Kazuma who is trying to fulfill his dream to make Japanese bread that will represent his country.
He is working in the Southern Toyo branch of Pantasia and he is also helping his friend (Tsukino Azusagawa) along with other bakers (like Kawachi Kyousuke and Kanmuri Shigeru) to beat St. Pierre and take control of Pantasia.
They fight other skillful bakers from many other countries and not only learn to make different kinds of bread but also learn to cook other food.
It is a really funny and unique anime because they also mimic characters from other anime(like Naruto, Detective Conan and One Piece)and famous people from real life.
It is one of the best works of Takashi Haschiguchi and is really a must-see for people of different ages.
This is quite a dull movie.
Well-shot with realistic performances especially a very good one from Depardieu as a cad and bad boy with realistic locations mood and art-house connotations all over, it fails because the director takes no position, stand or critical commentary on the topic he stipulates.
One of France's revered and regular working partner on films with Depardieu - I believe they made 7 together - Pialat fails to engage.
It seems to be a treatise on why women fall for the bad boy who will hurt when they have a ready caring boyfriend and good-hearted husband around.
Isabelle Hupert who plays the philanderer with nonchalant distinction offers opprobrium answers like "I don't know"; "I like his arms"; "I like the way he makes love" to her inquiring husband who tries to kick her out of the house but palliates and reconsiders because...
I assume he loves her.
So he accepts and hope for what?
That she will one day wake up and come to her senses.
Things like this are not answered in Pialat's condescending docu-drama style with long speeches and even longer scenes that don't add up.
I know the answers do not add up but please take a stand.
Jules et Jim, this is not.
The final shot as cold as the movie we have just watched is a heartache and headache only to the most forgiving.
Many people like this movie and many more love it, but it seems that it is all for the wrong reasons.
Scarface should be liked and loved but not in the way it has been or is.Many people say the acting was over-the-top, but who better to do an over-the-top character than Al Pacino.
To say that Pacino went over-the-top in here would be an understatement.
Yet he does it so well, he just brings the inner devil out of you so well.
His character Tony Montana was not such a great guy to begin with but his thirst for power just bring his sickness of greed to another level; an inhumane level.
Sure at times Pacino seems to be a bit cartoonish and surreal but that does not at all to me seem to be a liability at all.
The supporting cast served its job very well.
Michelle Pfeiffer was not really at her best but she certainly fit the role she played.
On the other hand Steven Bauer was at his best, still he is Steven Bauer.
Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and like Michelle Pfeiffer fit her role very well.
Robert Loggia I have always enjoyed watching in just seeing him yell.
Other than Pacino they were not really any standout or memorable performances.
Everybody just seemed to fit their roles by being there.
They did not fit in perfectly but were convincing enough.Brian De Palma did a very good job directing this movie.
Whenever an actor is able to become larger than life with his performance some credit should be given to the director and I will certainly give De Palma that.
Brian De Palma, though not given the respect, is a very versatile director by my count.
He knows how to direct movies according to their genres, but that at times has not turned out well.
In here it does, this is by all counts a gangster movie but few are much better than this one because of De Palma.The writing was great it was just pure Oliver Stone.
When I saw the credits at the end of this movie and saw that Oliver Stone had written this I was not the least bit surprised.
That is a testament to him though.
I have always though of him as a great writer and to me he proves this once again with Scarface.
Nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than Oliver Stone.The music was good but not that great.
It is certainly not my favorite from Giorgio Moroder.
The music was a little bit too 80s-ish for me but it didn't annoy me.
The cinematography was good, not amazing but really who cares with a movie like this.This has probably been one of the most influential movies in the past 25 years but as mentioned before it is for the wrong reasons.
People should realize that the character of Tony Montana is no hero, he is a monster.
He is not inspiring in anyway.
He is greedy, bloodthirsty, uneducated and self consumed.
Yet he is a role model to many people because he is in some way or another a rebel but probably most of all because he is a deluded gangster.
A vigilante would be like Mother Tereasa next to Scarface.The good thing about this movie though is that it shows that the Tony Montanas' are not the real problem.
If we or the people of authority would want to shut people like him down we could do it but we don't.
In a freaky twisted way he is a necessity of our society.
He is somebody you could blame everything on and fell better about yourself doing it.
The Tony Montanas' of this world are the scapegoats of our society.
This in no way excuses people like him.
Instead it is more of a reminder that we shouldn't excuse or allow ourselves to do bad things just because we measure up or think we measure up compared better to a gangster or drug dealer.
I love this movie because it is more than a corruption movie, it is a movie that in a strange way makes you self reflect.
I've been watching "Dick Tracy" for years, and as a result it's become a vital part of my life - it was with me throughout childhood and I used to see it quite often.
Seeing it now, as an adult, it's still a very good movie - dark, satiric and incredibly misunderstood.
About the only thing that can be said is the Oscar nomination Pacino received - other than that it is rarely discussed and didn't make much of a fuss when it came out.Pacino is over-the-top but to good effect as he's clearly having loads of fun.
Beatty is great as Dick Tracy and behind the camera manages to capture the atmosphere of a film noir comic book better than any other film, possibly, I have ever seen.
Just taking a look at one scene from the film is breathtaking.
The lighting, velvet overtones and smog/smoke combine to create a great effect.There are some really funny cameos including one by Dustin Hoffman as "Mumbles," and I don't think there are any flaws at all in terms of acting - even the mandatory kid-character is far better than expected.Overall, a really fine movie that has become misunderstood over the years since its release and is incredibly underrated with only 5.7/10 average on IMDb.
The critics' reviews are very positive (check out RottenTomatoes.com) and after seeing the film once again it's not hard to see why - this is a perfect example of capturing the essence of a comic book, from style to eccentricity.Highly recommended.
4.5/5 stars.
***1/2 Scarlett Johansson, Woody Allen, Hugh Jackman, Ian McShane, Romola Garia.
Directed by Woody Allen.
Just after his work with Johansson on "Match Point" the two return for "Scoop" a Corky, zany and fun comic ride.
When a student reporter (Johansson) finds out a new scoop from a deceased reporter (McShane) when she enters the materializer of a lame magician (Allen).
The scoop being of the new Tarot Card killer in London who might be preppy Peter Lyman (Jackman); while Sondra and Sid are playing detective Sondra falls in love for the handsome would be killer.
Allen has finally hit a mark, not as good as "Match Point" but definitely more fun.
I laughed a lot more than I expected, one of the years must sees
What can I say, it's a damn good movie.
See it if you still haven't.
Great camera works and lighting techniques.
Awesome, just awesome.
Orson Welles is incredible 'The Lady From Shanghai' can certainly take the place of 'Citizen Kane'.
Most horror movies are in fact horrible movies.
They get to be same ol'-same ol'.
Same ol' pack every minute with some cheap thrill (usually 'splatter') and nowadays they can pack every second with gaudy special effects.
One of the goals of a really good horror flick is to suspend the sense of disbelief of the audience.
For instance, I saw both of the recent Mummy movies and nearly got dizzy viewing ridiculous special effects every second.
It probably costs a million dollars per second to make those movies and my sense of disbelief was never suspended, it grew roots.Subtlety can be more terrifying.
Less is more.
I first saw 'The Woman in Black' on the A&E channel.
After flipping through the usual 987 channels of very bad television I stopped to watch it.
This movie almost has the feel of a 'Masterpiece Theater' production.
That was fine with me, I've always preferred British TV & movies anyway.Most viewers would find this to be too slowly paced.
But the slow pacing helps give the story credibility.
The special effects are few which lulls the viewer into thinking that this film is set in the real world thus making us a bit more uneasy.
The makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and believable.
Hollywood would have made her look like a she demon from hell with glowing eyes-fangs-claws etc.
Hollywood would have done an overkill and turned this idea into a mediocrity.The woman only makes about five appearances in the film.
Most of them are where she appears in the distance and even that creates a good fright.
If she appeared too often, it could've cheapened the mood that gets set.
However this movie is so well made that through much of the film we're led into sensing that she is there the whole time but not visible.
The scene where she 'visits' Arthur Kidd late at night and we see her just a little too close is a masterpiece in horror.This is just an extraordinary film that I think should rate as one the finest horror films ever made.
I have a copy of 'The Haunting', 'The Changling' and a zillion more.
I haven't seen anything that tops 'The Woman in Black' yet although I'm still looking.
This movie is so well made that it gives even the most hardened skeptic (like me) a moment where I almost had second thoughts about the non-existence of ghosts.
I joke to people that I occasionally get brief fears that she could appear standing in the middle of the road or that I'd see her staring through my window, etc.
Maybe she could be in a crowd at the mall glaring at me with her look of hate.
This is how a really great horror film should be.
Like a LaFanu novel, The Woman in Black very slowly pulls you in and wraps herself around your neck and before you realize it, she's squeezing the life out of you and then it's too late.Closest thing I have to a criticism is that this was made for the small screen... and it's a terrible shame that this is out of print.
I just paid over $40 for my second copy of this movie.
It's a major prize in my collection.
Now I'm on a quest to find an even better horror movie that not only gives the chills but also qualifies a sound drama.
Just picked this up on DVD and watched it again.
I love the bright colors vs. dark imagery.
Not a big Beatty fan, but this is an excellent popcorn movie.
Pacino is astounding, as always, and well, this movie marked the period where Madonna was her absolute sexiest.
I wish she had stuck with the "Breathless" look for a while longer.
Charlie Korsmo's first really big role, other than "What about bob?".
The makeup effects were cutting edge then and still hold up for the most part.
Beautiful scenery and mood transport you directly into a comic strip environment.
The cars, wardrobe, buildings, and even the streetlights et a great tone, not to mention the perfect lighting, although the scenes with a lot of red can get a tad annoying, as it tends to blur a little.
Just wish Beatty had gotten the chance to make a sequel.
All in all, a fun few hours.
I have always like this great baseball movie!
It has a good cast including two tremendous actors and two of My favorites Danny Glover and Christopher Lloyd!
Also in this movie is Ben Johnson, Brenda Fricker, Big Tony Longo, Tony Danza, and Matthew McConaughey!
Also Jay O. Sanders and Dermot Mulroney!
The film has great special effects and acting from all of the film's actors!
The baseball scenes are all realistic!
The music by composer Randy Edelman is very good and it fits the film very well!
Some of the actors who reminded Me the actual baseball personalities.
Stoney Jackson's Ray Mitchell character reminded Me Royce Clayton, McConaughey's character reminded Me of Steve Finley, and Jay O. Sanders's commentator in My opinion resembled how Al Hrabosky looks today.
This is a fantastic movie for non and Baseball fans and I strongly recommend this film!
The 1930s.
Classy, elegant Adele (marvelously played with dignified resolve by Debbie Reynolds) and batty, frumpy Helen (the magnificent Shelley Winters going full-tilt wacko with her customary histrionic panache) are the mothers of two killers.
They leave their seamy pasts in the Midwest behind and move to Hollywood to start their own dance school for aspiring kid starlets.
Adele begins dating dashing millionaire Lincoln Palmer (the always fine Dennis Weaver).
On the other hand, religious fanatic Helen soon sinks into despair and madness.Director Curtis ("Night Tide," "Ruby") Harrington, working from a crafty script by Henry Farrell (who wrote the book "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?"
was based on and co-wrote the screenplay for "Hush ... Hush, Sweet Charlotte"), adeptly concocts a complex and compelling psychological horror thriller about guilt, fear, repression and religious fervor running dangerously amok.
The super cast have a ball with their colorful roles: Michael MacLiammoir as a pompous elocution teacher, Agnes Moorehead as a stern fire-and-brimstone radio evangelist, Yvette Vickers as a snippy, overbearing mother of a bratty wannabe child star, Logan Ramsey as a snoopy detective, and Timothy Carey as a creepy bum.
An elaborate talent recital set piece with Pamelyn Ferdin (the voice of Lucy in the "Peanuts" TV cartoon specials) serving as emcee and original "Friday the 13th" victim Robbi Morgan doing a wickedly bawdy dead-on Mae West impression qualifies as a definite highlight.
David Raskin's spooky score, a fantastic scene with Reynolds performing an incredible tango at a posh restaurant, the flavorsome Depression-era period atmosphere, Lucien Ballard's handsome cinematography, and especially the startling macabre ending are all likewise on the money excellent and effective.
MGM presents this terrific gem on a nifty DVD doublebill with "Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?
;" both pictures are presented in crisp widescreen transfers along with their theatrical trailers.
Another comment about this film made it sound lousy.
Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were good.
Davis was so young and fresh.
She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect.
Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.So many clichés came from this film and it seems, this film blazed some trails for the next 70 years.
My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was.
Keep and open mind and you maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture, for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight..
I love it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others negative and one note comments.
A very strange and compelling movie.
It's about a very awkward and tightly wound man who attempts to navigate his life as a door-to-door fundraiser/salesman.
The director was able to capture a very unnerving tone that really served the story well.
Original and unsettling while also finding a great deal of humor in the pain that accompanies life.
There is a sequence at a testing facility that really stood out and made me laugh out loud which is not something I do as frequently as I should.
One of the more memorable films I've seen in a long while.
Hasn't left my mind and I look forward to future efforts by Bronstein.
Fantastic performances all around.
The simple line "I really appreciate it."
is now iconic to me.
This movie was highly entertaining.
The soundtrack (Bian Adams) is simply beautiful and inspiring.
Even more impressive is Brian Adams doing all the songs in French as well.
The score is also uplifting and dramatic.The movie is made from a mix of traditional animation, combined with computer generated images.
The result is truly stunning.
I watch this film at least once a week with my kids and we never tire of it.
The story is compelling and well narrated.I don't understand anyone who would rank this movie less than a 7.
Definately a keeper in my household.
As a convert into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, I try to absorb as much as I can of my new religion's history.
I was invited to attend a showing of this film with my sons & the other young men & women as well as their families of our ward.
On a beautiful spring evening, we drove to Kirtland, Ohio to the church's historical village located there.
We were to have had reservations at the Vistor's Center to view this movie.
Since my movie viewing was limited to only a few church documentaries, I was intrigued.
The only "full length motion pictures" of the church's I had seen was "Legacy" and "My Best Two Years", both which I thought were very well written and preformed.At the beginning, the missionary interpretor passed out tissues stating that several people had been deeply moved to the point of tears by this movie.
I thought "OK...but it takes a lot to move me to tears."
Imagine my surprise when I found myself sobbing!
It truly is a very moving & inspirational testament to the Prophet Joseph Smith.See it & believe in it's powerful message!
Somerset Maugham's characters are brought to life in RKO's "Of Human Bondage"; but the movie is a too skeletal version of the novel, with Bette Davis' star-making performance sucking up all of the energy.
Otherwise, it's the story of Leslie Howard (as Philip Carey); he dreams of becoming a painter, but is told he has no talent for the arts.
As the film progresses, Mr. Howard's struggles, instead, to become a doctor.
His efforts seem to indicate some bad advice regarding the arts; though successful in medicine, his painting seemed easier - also, note the symbolism of his disability, a "club foot" (explained in the film).Along the way (right away, in this version), Howard becomes infatuated with waitress Davis (as Mildred Rogers).
Davis' characterization of "Mildred" is extraordinary, culminating in a spectacular speech, when she tells Howard, among other things, that she had to "WIPE MY MOUTH!"
after kissing him.
Howard also performs well, but the story fails to explain his prolonged fascination and love for Davis; so, their performances are wasted.
Still, a film to watch for the acting, including some good supporting players.
Bette Davis' characterization was famous for inspiring a "write-in" campaign for the 1934 "Best Actress" Academy Award.
For the record, she placed third.
The results were: 1.
Claudette Colbert - "It Happened One Night" 2.
Norma Shearer - "The Barretts of Wimpole Street" 3.
Bette Davis - "Of Human Bondage" 4.
Grace Moore - "One Night of Love" ******* Of Human Bondage (6/28/34) John Cromwell ~ Leslie Howard, Bette Davis, Reginald Denny
This low budget digital video film has strengths in the right places--writing and acting.
In addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far.
In low light conditions the characteristic video umber tone prevails but, surprising, it rivals film stock for brightness, clarity, and, saturation in brightly lit situations.
This is grass roots film making at its best with snappy dialogue carrying a "Midnight Cowboy" kind of story about grifters doing whatever it takes to survive in urban San Francisco.
These are excerpts from a nine-page "Memo to Mr. Cohn from Mr. Welles", written after Orson had seen studio mogul Harry Cohn's edited version of the picture (he took an hour out): "...The preview title music was written by a first rate composer, George Antheil.
Although not written for our picture at all, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and menace combined with something lush and romantic which made it acceptable...The only musical idea which seems to have occurred to this present composer (Heinz Roemheld) is the rather weary one of using a popular song--the "theme"--in as many arrangements as possible.
Throughout we have musical references to "Please Don't Kiss Me" for almost every bridge and also for a great deal of the background material.
The tune is pleasing, it may do very well on the Hit Parade--but Lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy...Mr. Roemheld is an ardent devotee of an old-fashioned type of scoring now referred to in our business as "Disney".
In other words, if somebody falls down, he makes a "falling down" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc...If the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers all over the negative, I couldn't be unhappier about the results...Just before I left to go abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, the editor) to make a cut which would involve dropping the near accident with the taxi-cab and also quite a bit of dialogue.
I am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut...saving much needed footage in the slow opening sequence (this was not done, accounting for the main weaknesses of the film's opening reel)...There is nothing in the fact of Rita's diving to warrant a big orchestral crescendo...What does matter is Rita's beauty...the evil overtones suggested by Grigsby's character, and Michael's bewilderment.
Any or all of these items might have inspired the music.
Instead, the dive is treated as though it were a major climax or some antic moment in a Silly Symphony: a pratfall by Pluto the Pup, or a wild jump into space by Donald Duck...There is no sound atmosphere on the boat.
A little wind and water is sorely missed.
There's no point in photographing a scene on a real boat if you make it sound as though it all happened in front of a process screen...At the start of the picnic sequence...in the temporary score, we used a very curious, sexy Latin-American strain...This has been replaced with a corny "dramatic" sequel--bad stock stuff...This sort of music destroys that quality of strangeness which is exactly what might have saved Lady from Shanghai from being just another whodunit...There is a big musical outburst after Grigsby's line, "I want you to kill him."
This is absurd...The Hawaiian guitar music which comes out of the radio...was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point.
As it stands now, it's on about the same level as the rest of the scoring.
Nobody in the audience could possibly suspect that we're kidding...The aquarium scene needs more echo.
"Please Don't Kiss Me" is in again!...A bad dubbing job and poor scoring has destroyed the character of Michael's run down the pier.
From the gunshot through to the phone call, a careful pattern of voices had been built up with the expenditure of much time and effort.
For some reason, this has all been junked in favor of a vague hullabaloo.
As a result, the whole sequence seems dull...The audience should feel at this point, along with Michael, that maybe they are going crazy.
The new dubbing job can only make them feel that maybe they're going to sleep...The gun battle with the breaking mirrors must not be backed with music...The closing music again makes reference to "Please Don't Kiss Me"...This finale is obvious to the point of vulgarity, and does incalculable injury to the finish of the picture.
"All of these edits from Orson were ignored
Romantic comedies can really go either way, you know?
You'll see one that's really sappy, and you'll think you want something more realistic.
Then, you'll see one that's realistic, but it might be too dull to keep you interested.
Or maybe you'll see one that does everything right, but just fails to make you smile.
Romantic comedies are tough movies.
You go into them with a lot of expectations, and usually, whether you like it is simply a matter of whether the filmmakes was anticipating your expectations or those of the guy or girl next to you.Of course, if you've got a girl next to you, and you're a guy like me, it probably doesn't matter all that much whether the movie's any good, you've got other things on your mind.
For you, I say, "Go get her, Tiger!"
For the rest of us, I say, "See _A Guy Thing_."
It's a lot of fun.Because _A Guy Thing_ knows you're going in to this movie with expectations, so it doesn't pretend that its "Guy about to get married meets the woman of his dreams, and it's not his wife!"
plot is going to make everyone happy.
Sure, maybe you like it, but maybe it doesn't ring true, or you think it's cruel.
_A Guy Thing_ covers that.
What _A Guy Thing_ does is fill the screen with the best supporting cast I've seen in a long time, so if you don't the main plotline, you've still got something to make you smile.Whether we're talking about the seasoned veterans of big and small screen, like Larry Miller (Pretty Woman, Best in Show), James Brolin (Traffic), Julie Hagerty (Airplane!
), David Koechner (Saturday Night Live and Conan O'Brien regular, Dirty Work, Austin Powers II) or Thomas Lennon (The State and Viva Variety), or new faces like Shawn Hatosy (The Faculty), or Colin Foo (Saving Silverman), we're talking about a bunch of very talented and skilled actors who know exactly how to take advantage of the film's inspired characterisation, steal the show, time after time, and still frame the piece with an energy and a joy rarely seen in romantic comedies these days.And that's not to detract from the actual romantic throughline and the stars that carry it along, because it's very sweet and terribly well done.
Jason Lee (Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Dogma, etc.)
is touching as the young professional whose life may be spinning out of control, and Selma Blair shows an understated brilliance in portraying the aspiring socialite and sophisticated career woman every guy wants to marry except for the guy who actually is.A lot of the success of the movie, though, falls on Julia Stiles, the right girl in the right place at the wrong time, and she wears it well.
Not since, gosh, I don't know when, have I seen an actress in a romantic comedy that has made falling in love with her so easy.
Of course, it's all in the closeups, the voice, and the subtle smiles, but it's magical, and it's one of the big reasons why we go to the movies in the first place.But Julie Stiles's slightly offbeat sophistication would be lost were it not for the fact that the rest of the cast is so incredibly dead-on in their classic simplicity.
This is a movie that paints a broken world of irreconcilable stock types, makes them fall over each other to make you laugh, and then comes through with a great deal of heart.A Guy Thing is a movie you've definitely seen before, and the filmmakers clearly knew that when they set down to make it.
We haven't really seen any new romantic comedies since Shakespeare; the relative success of this one or that one is entirely dependent upon the execution of the classic story of boy meets girl.
A Guy Thing does embrace that with a bit of a metacinematic edge, often taking the scenes into the absurd in order to give the audience a chance to acknowledge the powerful emotions and ancient plot devices at play.For the record, it also even manages to poke fun at the rather traditional structural notions of sex and gender that form the center of every romantic comedy, so even the feminists out there might get a kick out of it.And guys, I think we can all agree that we wish our friends are as cool as Jason Lee's friends in this movie.
I'm not going to spoil it for you, but when you try to explain to your girlfriend why the pharmacist and the clothing store clerk are among the coolest dudes in cinema, I suggest you just say "It's a Guy Thing," and leave it at that.
...that the Bette Davis version of this film was better than the Kim Novak version.Despite all of the other comments written here, I really prefer the Bette Davis version, even though the Novak version has a more coherent story line.However: Davis' Mildred's raw emotions seem to me to be more apt to a sluttish girl who seems easily to become a prostitute.And it is those raw emotions that constitute *part* of what the poor doctor falls in love with.
He has emotions of despair, of failure, of "otherness" - strong emotions that he represses.
Davis' Mildred, on the other hand, displays her emotions immediately and without censure.
She has no feelings of despair, or of failure, or of "otherness"; rather, she is merely surviving as a poor Cockney woman in the Victorian era.Novak's portrayal was a more vulnerable Mildred than was Davis', almost through the the whole movie.
Davis' Mildred was **never** vulnerable until she actually had to go to the doctor and beg for assistance.
And when he reviles her - for her method of keeping body and soul together, and for continually taking advantage of his love for her - she unleashes arguably the most passionate repudiation of snobbish holier than thou attitude ever seen on screen: "I wiped my mouth!
I WIPED MY MOUTH!!"
Novak's vulnerability was excellent.
Davis' realism was monumental.IMDb votes concur!
This was a typical grade B movie in 1940s Hollywood and yet it succeeded way beyond its expectations.
Why?
It has a wonderful plot and backed up by Nina Foch, George MacReady and Dame May Witty, as a female villain, of all people.When a young lady answers an advertisement for a secretary, she certainly gets more than she bargained for.
The only talents her employers are seeking are those which will lead to her demise.
Seems that Witty and MacReady want to pass her off as their daughter-in-law and wife, respectively.
MacReady killed his real wife and wants to do Foch in as well so that a body can be claimed.The film deals with how Foch tries to get town people to believe her and how she is thwarted in practically everything she does.
Why don't people believe her?
One of Disney's best films that I can enjoy watching often.
you may easily guess the outcome, but who cares?
its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty-two minutes.
and after all wasn't movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway?
The cast sparkles with delight.
-magictrain
I began riding horses fairly recently, and, as anyone who has ever ridden should know, I fell in love with horses and their world.
I rented Spirit on a whim, just trying to pack my life full of as much horse related material as I could, and I was surprised by the results.What I expected was a feel-good Disneyesque movie with talking animals and stereotypes every five minutes.What I got was an amazing film, filled with beautiful scenery and animation, and an amazing storyline that has the great potential to warm one's heart.Spirit is a wild mustang in the Old West, whose entire world is brought crumbling down around him when he discovers the humans slowly taking over his homeland.
The story unfolds with a wide array of characters, some human, some animals, all are well written and most are pleasant to watch on screen.I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good story, and who has an appreciation for history and animals.One thing I forgot to mention, but that I feel is important, is that the animals in this film do not talk.
This was a really nice vacation from the Lady And The Tramp animated movies that everyone today is used to.
This is an excellent film for female body-builder & female action fans!
I think that Sue Price did a great job in this film series (Nemesis 2,3,4) and proved to be a great fighter.
She has a very striking appearance and a will of iron to resist the powerful Nebula (Nemesis 2).
Though not a film of great value and Sue Price's acting skills not the best to have met in my life, the movie itself was something awesome, a priceless gem for fans of female body-builder action!
Well, some parts of Nemesis 2 have been copied by other famous sci-fi films, such as Terminator or Predator, but that's not the point.
The point is that A.Puyn casted in that film a very talented body-builder who put all of her energy and body talent to show us the best she can do.
I really enjoyed that film and watched with the same enthusiasm Nemesis 3 (a rather boring sequel) and Nemesis 4 (a much more interesting sequel than 3).
What a pity it hasn't shown yet on DVD :-(
Well, here's another terrific example of awkward 70's film-making!
The rudimentary premise of "What's the matter with Helen?"
is quite shocking and disturbing, but it's presented in such a stylish and sophisticated fashion!
In the hands of any other movie crew, this certainly would have become a nasty and gritty exploitation tale, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?")
and scriptwriter Henry Farrell ("HushHushSweet Charlotte") in charge, it became a beautiful and almost enchanting mixture of themes and genres.
The basic plot of the film is definitely horrific, but there's a lot more to experience, like love stories, a swinging 1930's atmosphere and a whole lot of singing and tap-dancing!
The setting is unquestionably what makes this movie so unique.
We're literally catapulted back to the 1930's, with a sublime depiction of that era's music, religion, theatrical business and wardrobes.
Following the long and exhausting trial that sentenced their sons to life-imprisonment for murder, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) flee to California and attempt to start a new life running a dance school for young talented girls.
Particularly Adelle adapts herself perfectly to the new environment, as she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helen continues to sink in a downwards spiral of insanity and paranoia.
She only listens to the ramblings of a radio-evangelist, fears that she will be punished for the crimes her son committed and slowly develops violent tendencies.
The script, although not entirely without flaws, is well written and the film is adequately paced.
There's never a dull moment in "What's the matter with Helen", although the singing, tap-dancing and tango sequences are quite extended and much unrelated to the actual plot.
But the atmosphere is continuously ominous and the film definitely benefices from the terrific acting performance of Shelley Winters.
She's downright scary as the unpredictable and introvert lady who's about to snap any second and, especially during the last ten minutes or so, she looks more petrifying than all the Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees' and Michael Myers' combined!
There are several terrific supportive characters who are, sadly, a little underdeveloped and robbed from their potential, like Michéal MacLiammóir as the cocky elocution teacher, Agnes Moorehead as the creepy priestess and Timothy Carey as the obtrusive visitor to the ladies' house.
There are a couple of surprisingly gruesome scenes and moments of genuine shock to enjoy for the Grand Guignol fanatics among us, but particularly the set pieces and costume designs (even nominated for an Oscar!)
are breathtaking.
The horse is indeed a fine animal.
Picturesque depictions of wild horses and their grace could never have been more majestic in an animation flick.The animation is simply stupendous.
The fine animation forms the backbone of the beauty that the horses embolden across the flick.
More so when the stallion traverses diverse terrain, jumps across cliffs and braves waters.
Soundtrack too is very impressive.
The wonderful instrumental music lures you to appreciate the movie.
"They say the story of the west was written from the saddle of a horse . "
huh?
Well ,The story of a fine horse sure was written from the saddle of the west .All in all, this movie is clearly up there with the best .It is one of the best animation flicks i have watched.
Would be a very fine choice on a lonely night.
An easy 9/10.
I thought this was a wonderful way to spend time on a too hot summer weekend, sitting in the air conditioned theater and watching a light-hearted comedy.
The plot is simplistic, but the dialogue is witty and the characters are likable (even the well bread suspected serial killer).
While some may be disappointed when they realize this is not Match Point 2: Risk Addiction, I thought it was proof that Woody Allen is still fully in control of the style many of us have grown to love.This was the most I'd laughed at one of Woody's comedies in years (dare I say a decade?).
While I've never been impressed with Scarlet Johanson, in this she managed to tone down her "sexy" image and jumped right into a average, but spirited young woman.This may not be the crown jewel of his career, but it was wittier than "Devil Wears Prada" and more interesting than "Superman" a great comedy to go see with friends.
Whilst I have loved haunted house movies such as Amityville and Poltergeist, this made for TV adaption of Susan Hills book packs a huge punch on the horrors of Hollywood.With a brilliant cast (many of which star in Heartbeat and other TV dramas), great acting, and fantastic setting (which portrays 1920's life convincingly), it has all the right ingredients to entice the viewer into what is a powerful ghost story.Herbert Wise did not need blood, violence, or gore to send chills down the spines of an audience.
Using your own imagination, the Woman In Black is a figure of fear and dread, and whose presence is never absent once she first appears.The main character Arthur Kidd, a solicitor, learns about his unseen spectre on his mission to settle the estate.
The widow dies and Arthur spends few nights inside her dreary home in which he notices many oddities, which may haunt him for some days.
Some of the scenes are very unsettling and claustrophobic, particularly the locked room which opens itself, which turns the generator off and closes Arthur in darkness.
The film becomes more harrowing the more you put yourself in Arthurs shoes, and his efforts to shake this ghost off.
The writer puts many chilling additions into the story, an example being the tin soldier's re-appearance.
One is eager to learn the meaning of it all.
The fact we never really learn that much about the widow, leaves more to the imagination and makes it all the more unsettling.The widow for the most part, looks vicious and intimidating.
The scene after winding the generator sent the chills down me, a woman who appears out of nowhere on isolated marshy land with a howling wind  having been on such properties myself I can appreciate how isolating this is.
And the scene in the inn was perhaps the most horrible things I've seen, one I don't wish to watch in a hurry or show to elderly relatives.
I have often woken up at night thinking she was behind me in my sleep.The Woman In Black is a great TV movie and a lost gem.
I agree to some extent the Internet hype for this film has been totally overblown and can see why people were disappointed after spending the best of £50 on it, but I think the net has defeated hidden gems because it makes films like these over-exposed.
I think it's still brilliant and fantastically acted and I consider it the greatest ghost story of the last century.
I happen to like Leslie Howard, in his better films.
Yet, for some reason, his performance in OF HUMAN BONDAGE never has moved me tremendously.
I first saw the film on my college campus in 1972 and the reviewer in the college newspaper made the comment that in the 1930s and 1940s Howard played the roles supposedly later picked up by Dirk Bogard as the man who was born to be betrayed.
This is not usually the case (off hand I think of Ashley Wilkes as a man who might be betrayed, if he and Scarlett O'Hara were meant to be an item by Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie, not Scarlett).
Howard could play any type, and a role like R. J. Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not one who is betrayed.
*(*One can make the case that Philip Armstrong Scott is betrayed by the two strangers he shows hospitality to in 49TH PARALLEL, but they are Nazis who consider him - a liberal, westerner, Canadian - fair game to double cross in wartime.
It isn't the same as emotional betrayal, and Howard does not shrivel up as a result, but faces the Nazis and captures one after beating him up.)
I think what the reviewer meant was that Howard could be soulful - or try to be soulful.
Witness his poet - dreamer - wanderer in THE PETRIFIED FORREST.
But that character was not betrayed, except by history perhaps (as he feels his type is as out of date as the gangster played by Humphrey Bogart).
The character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham's OF HUMAN BONDAGE is soulful too.
He is sensitive for several reasons.
He has an interest in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike the artist Strickland in THE MOON AND SIXPENCE he has no real talent.
So he decides to concentrate on medical studies, accentuated by a club foot condition he has.
Here he is a man with low self-esteem who is set up to be betrayed.Philip finds that betrayal in the form of Mildred a Cockney waitress (Bette Davis) who is mercenary and as selfish as they come.
Why Philip falls for her is not really addressed in the film, but he does find the woman fascinating.
And she finds him an easy meal ticket.
Ironically in being so captivated by this slut, Philip fails to notice two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and are more fit to be his mate.
He also keeps finding himself forgiving Davis when she has affairs with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the latter a friend of Howard's).
Although Howard's performance captures the doormat tendency of Philip towards Mildred, he really does not show enough passion (until late in the movie, when he turns on her).
That is why I find I never cared for his performance here - it lacks any reality.
His later tortured insistence in GONE WITH THE WIND that he loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, has more consistency with a man in love.
But the performance of Davis as Mildred makes the film important.
She had a wide variety of parts up to 1934, like the girlfriend of the deaf pianist in THE MAN WHO PLAYED GOD or the spoiled heiress who gets murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO or the mouse-like secretary in THREE ON A MATCH.
As Mildred she finally showed she could be a major actress by playing a selfish bitch.Curiously her performance was not all of one note.
While she uses and abuses Howard for two thirds of the film, culminating in that famous scene where she shows how disgusted his kissing of her made her, her last scenes show she too could fall apart due to her health deteriorating, and her inability to keep any honest jobs.
When Howard rejects her the viewers fail to note how equally vicious he becomes (he asks what happened to her baby - she tells him the baby died and Howard says brusquely that he is glad, which is hardly the response she expects).
In the end Howard does finally get his life in order, but Mildred ends a casualty (ironically her death discovered by her old boyfriend Denny on a medical call).
The Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences did fail to nominate Davis in 1934 (leading to the largest write - in campaign in it's history, and a permanent change in it's rules), but Davis was established as a star.
In one year she won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS.
And in two years she co-starred with Howard again (as equal stars) in THE PETRIFIED FORREST.
A young solicitor from London, Arthur Kidd is sent to a small coastal town of Crythin Gifford to oversee the estate of a recently passed away widow Mrs Drablow.
While attending her funeral, a mysterious lady dressed in black catches his attention.
Supposedly Drablow lived a reclusive life, and locals kept pretty quiet about her.
After this he heads to Mrs Drablow mansion that can only be reached on a causeway through the swamp during low tide.
There he encounters the woman in black again in cemetery out back of the house, and things begin to get creepy as terrifying noises start coming from the marshes.
Now can Mrs Drablow's belongings and listening to her recorded dairy entries help Kidd figure out this gloomy mystery that the locals fear to talk about.Often highly regarded amongst horror fans as being one of the most chilling ghost stories ever and I can see their point.
But only in doses does it draw upon tag.
Yes, from what you can gather I was left a 'little' under-whelmed, despite really liking it.
I was expecting goose bumps throughout the whole feature, but that's probably it expecting.
Mainly I had a similar reaction with the 1980 haunted house thriller 'The Changeling'.
When you hear so many good things, it's sometimes hard not get caught up with it.Anyhow what the British TV presentation of "The Woman in Black" effectively does is bring out a truly old-fashion, slow burn spine-tingling premise driven by its moody locations, disquieting atmosphere and first-rate performances.
Subtly blankets the psychologically gripping story (adapted off Susan Hill's novel of the same name), as the simple mystery authentically opens up with a depressingly tragic tone and successfully characterises its protagonist.
Little seems to happen, and can feel drawn out, but the fragile randomness of it catch you off guard.
Whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black.
Who mostly appears as a background figure, it's ultimately creepy.
She might not appear all that much, but when she does.
Talk about unnerving!
That also goes for that downbeat conclusion.
Pauline Moran, who plays the woman in black, competently gets us nervous by just her gaunt appearance and sudden positioning.
A pale look and those minor mannerisms just seem to haunt you.
She's a spirit you don't want to cross paths with, yet alone let her see you.
An accomplished performance by a marvelously moody Adrian Rawlins as the solicitor Arthur Kidd does hold it all together.
In support are solid turns by Bernard Hepton, David Daker, Clare Holman and David Ryall.Drawing heavy on its lushly sombre rural town and foggy coastal locations adds more to the realistically eerie plight and the centre piece were everything unfolds in the forlorn, time-worn Victorian house that comprehensively suffocates the air with constant fear.
Director Herbert Wise carefully fabricates alarming imagery that slowly covers one secretive piece at a time in a smoothly paved out rhythm of well-judged contriving.
Instead of going out to shock us, some scenes contain a distressing intensity that won't let go.
The sound effects are masterfully used, by surrounding and disorienting the air.
Rachel Portman's harrowing musical score knows how to get under your skin during those eerie moments and then stay with you.This rarity made-for-television feat is a stimulating rich and unsettling supernatural spook-fest.
It might not share much new to the sub-genre, but it competently sticks to it strengths to deliver what counts in this curse.
do you still love woody allen's humor and sense of the absurd?
do you wait patiently for movies that get the plot going in the first five minutes instead of making you wait around?
if so, you will adore this comedic murder mystery.
it has all the elements of a good mystery: sharp plot, a handsome suspect, romance, and intrigue, mixed together with enough laughs and winks at fate to keep even the most jaded of movie goers happy.with beautiful people and gorgeous homes and landscapes to ogle, this frothy movie is just the thing to take your minds off your troubles.
as woody might say, what's not to like?
Ya know when one looks at this Brian DePalma film today, I'm sure there has been allot of criticism about how dated it is.
Also, about the violence.
When I looked at this film on VHS when I was 20, I thought it was ulta-violent and gritty as well.
But I didn't get 'it'.A few decades go by and man, how I know how much I didn't get in this film!!
This is a remake of an excellent film which was done back in the 30's/40's.
How can you improve upon a classic?
Ya don't.
But you tell a tale that is brought up to date through the eyes of the "new immigrants" during the most greed ridden decade, the over indulgent 80's.
DePalma, Stone and the gang present an ambitious, disturbing and darn right good film.Yes....Disco was dying and New Wave/Punk were taking over but these immigrants from Cuba who had to make a new home in Florida couldn't tell the difference.
It was exciting, it was what they wanted but how to get it????
To these immigrants, there was only one way to get it in Florida where they were..by having lots of money and to get the money, you had to take over running a drug empire.Al Pacino was fantastic to me as Tony Montana, the "little train that could".
What an amazing way to have your lead character look at America: to fight, kill, steal.
lie, cheat all to get -- "the money, the women and the power.
"That's what Tony saw as the American dream.He wanted it, he wanted to live it and in his circle saw nothing wrong with how he went to get it.
Tony Montana's command of the English language was heavily saturated with the "f" word but what did you expect, Emily Post's finishing school for him and his co-horts?
Look at how they CAME to America, what they knew, what they were exposed to.
This is the way Tony and his crew chose to "be all they can be in America."
It was all about the power.
Tony Montana would and did ANYTHING to achieve it..it all its violent, lying, stealing, crooked, thieving glory.The part of the film that personified the 1980's to me, is the money laundering.
Tony's crew bringing sacks of drug money to the bank.
Did those around Tony and his crew care?
At the clubs where he spent and drank?
Nope.
Money was money and with money, you get the power.
Tony was living high off the hog.
He and his pretty blond American trophy he married played well by Michelle Pfieffer.After Tony Montana's rise to power, he finds out its really crappy up there.
He's riddled with doubt, he's drug addicted, he's paranoid, he's surrounded by those who want to take him on in a bloody take-over, his trophy 80's American blonde drug addicted wife he finds out is a bore, he needs to keep atop of his empire because...he's going down.
And down he goes in a horrific violent fashion, but again I ask, what do you expect?This is the quintessential 1980's film telling you a warped tale of how some misunderstand the American Dream...to obsession.
It's violent, bloody, overly so..but it drives the point disturbingly home.
Not all Cubans thrown out of Cuba who landed in Florida in the 80's were anything like Tony Montana.
Give me a break.
But the showing of how miserable the 1980's were with its emphasis on greed and money as the only measures in the USA to "be somebody" and have power took its tool on these poor characters and their lives in America.Makes you wonder -- has anything from then -- been learned today?
This is one of my favorite films of all time.
Al Pacino acting is at its best and the story is excellent.
Too bad it didn't do to well in the 80's when it was first released because people didn't get a chance to experience this classic.
Four macho rough'n'tumble guys and three sexy gals venture into a remote woodland area to hunt for a bear.
The motley coed group runs afoul of crazed Vietnam veteran Jesse (an effectively creepy portrayal by Alberto Mejia Baron), who not surprisingly doesn't take kindly to any strangers trespassing on his terrain.
Director/co-writer Pedro Galindo III relates the gripping story at a steady pace, creates a good deal of nerve-rattling tension, and delivers a fair amount of graphic gore with the brutal murder set pieces (a nasty throat slicing and a hand being blown off with a shotgun rate as the definite gruesome splatter highlights).
The capable cast all give solid performances, with especially praiseworthy work by Pedro Fernandez as the nice, humane Nacho, Edith Gonzalez as the feisty Alejandra, Charly Valentino as the amiable Charly, and Tono Mauri as antagonistic jerk Mauricio.
Better still, both yummy blonde Marisol Santacruz and lovely brunette Adriana Vega supply some tasty eye candy by wearing skimpy bathing suits.
Antonio de Anda's slick, agile cinematography, the breathtaking sylvan scenery, Pedro Plascencia's robust, shuddery, stirring score, the well-developed characters, and the pleasingly tight'n'trim 76 minute running time further enhance the overall sound quality of this bang-up horror/action hybrid winner.
Prison is not often brought up during conversations about the best eighties horror films, and there's a good reason for that because it's not one of the best...but as you delve past the classic films that the decade had to offer, this is certainly among the best of the lesser known/smaller films.
The film does have some connection to blockbusters; for a start it's an early directorial effort for Renny Harlin; the capable director behind a number of action films including Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea; and secondly we have an early role for Lord of the Rings star Viggo Mortensen.
The film is not exactly original but the plot line is interesting.
We focus on a prison that has been reopened after a number of years.
This was the prison where a man named Charles Forsyth was sent to the electric chair after being framed by the prison's governor.
Naturally, the spirit of the dead man is not resting in peace; and when the old execution room is reopened, the spirit of the dead convict escapes for vengeance.The film is not exactly The Shawshank Redemption, but it does take care to build up its various characters and while the main point of the film is always the horror, the prison drama behind it all does make for an interesting base.
This is a good job too because other than the basic premise, the film doesn't really have a 'plot' to go from and we solely rely on the interaction between the characters to keep things interesting.
The horror featured in the film is at times grotesque but it's never over the top, which might actually be the reason why this film is seldom remembered, being released in a decade of excess.
The murders themselves are rather good and imaginative, however, and provide some major highlights.
As the film goes on, we start to delve more into the back-story of the vengeful convict's ghost and while it's fairly interesting, some things about it don't make sense and it drags the film down a little.
Still, everything boils down to an exciting climax and overall I have to say that Prison is a film well worth tracking down.
Shot on an impossible schedule and no budget to speak of, the movie turned out a lot better than you would expect, certainly much more true to the Peter O'Donnell books and comic strip than the previous two films.
You can read the strip currently in the reprints from Titan Books, or in Comics Revue monthly.
It is one of the greatest adventure comic strips of all time.
The movie isn't great, but unlike most low budget films it makes the most of what its got, and it holds your interest.
On the DVD extras, the interview with Quentin Tarentino, who is obviously stoned, is a gas.
Some people have faulted Tarentino for associating his name with the film, but without him it would never have been made.
He is a Modesty Blaise fan, and picked a good writer and director.
All things considered, worth 8 stars.
Cannot believe a movie that can be made that good in 1987 and is virtually unknown in the west.
Not to repeat other reviews here.
The score is very good and moving.
Literally it means "Dawn please never comes" - when it comes, the beautiful ghost and the lover will be apart forever.
After 24 years, Joel and Leslie still look great.
I enjoyed Joel in God of Gamblers and many movies by Leslie including Better Tomorrow.
Bizarre horror movie filled with famous faces but stolen by Cristina Raines (later of TV's "Flamingo Road") as a pretty but somewhat unstable model with a gummy smile who is slated to pay for her attempted suicides by guarding the Gateway to Hell!
The scenes with Raines modeling are very well captured, the mood music is perfect, Deborah Raffin is charming as Cristina's pal, but when Raines moves into a creepy Brooklyn Heights brownstone (inhabited by a blind priest on the top floor), things really start cooking.
The neighbors, including a fantastically wicked Burgess Meredith and kinky couple Sylvia Miles & Beverly D'Angelo, are a diabolical lot, and Eli Wallach is great fun as a wily police detective.
The movie is nearly a cross-pollination of "Rosemary's Baby" and "The Exorcist"--but what a combination!
Based on the best-seller by Jeffrey Konvitz, "The Sentinel" is entertainingly spooky, full of shocks brought off well by director Michael Winner, who mounts a thoughtfully downbeat ending with skill.
***1/2 from ****
My boyfriend and I both enjoyed this film very much.
The viewer is swept away from modern life into old Japan, while at the same time exposed to very current themes.
The characters are realistic and detailed; it has an unpredictable ending and story, which is very refreshing.
The story is made up of mini-plots within the life of several geisha living together in a poor city district.
I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a realistic romance or life in old Japan.
I have read modesty Blaise for several years now, collecting numbers of the strip.
After the fiasco movie made many years ago based on the first book "Modesty Blaise" I was surprised the result got this good.What I got was a movie not based on action or violence.
The director had focused on history and psychology.
How was Modesty created based on the own tale and what parts in her life was affected by her non-childhood.
I think this thougths will give a greater understanding to the next (I hope) film.
I simply loved the movies old-fashioned style.However everything wasn't that good, the gambling wasn't that good.
almost boring and unreal.
The acting could have been improved too.
I'm not thinking the bad guy in this movie felt real, the only reason he was there was so Modesty could have someone to tell her story for.
Also they could have expanded the movie, showing more about when she builds up "The network" but I'll guess thats for the next movie.And please forgive me for my bad English
A long-defunct prison, shut down for over 20 years, is re-opened and Ethan Sharpe (the late, great character actor Lane Smith), once a guard there, is put in place as warden.
As the prisoners are put to work fixing the place up, they're instructed to break into the old execution room.
This unleashes a fierce spirit that wreaks merciless havoc upon both guards and prisoners; cool-as-can-be low-key prisoner Burke (Viggo Mortensen, showing real poise in an early role) is thrust into the role of hero.I know it's a no-brainer to praise the film for its atmosphere (it was shot in an actual abandoned penitentiary near Rawlins, Wyoming), but it elevates this horror film to a higher level.
It's got a great sense of foreboding, established right at the outset.
Director Renny Harlin made his fourth directorial effort here; it got him the "Nightmare on Elm Street 4" directing gig and effectively began an impressive career in mainstream action movies, thrillers, and horror films.It may have stock characters, but it's got a capable cast bringing them to life: Chelsea Field as the young woman vying for prison reform, Lincoln Kilpatrick as weary veteran convict Cresus, Tom Everett as restless con Rabbitt, Ivan Kane as the outgoing Lasagna, Tommy "Tiny" Lister as soft-spoken giant Tiny, and Arlen Dean Snyder as Captain Horton.
It's also worth noting as an early acting credit for Kane Hodder (as the vengeful spirit) that helped *him* land the gig of playing Jason Voorhees in the "Friday the 13th" series.Decent special effects, moody lighting courtesy of prolific genre cinematographer Mac Ahlberg, spooky music by Richard Band and Christopher Stone, great visuals, the incredibly gloomy location, and an overall flashy and intense presentation help to make it quite entertaining.
It's nasty, gruesome, and good fun for a horror fan.8/10
Warning: contains a spoiler.
Corny plot and in many cases terrible acting.
Fontaine is great, but some others, particularly Richard Ney, Ivy's husband, are exceedingly wooden.
Ney lies in bed, dying of arsenical poisoning, with every hair in place.
Yet the movie is so juicy and so suspenseful.
More faithful to the book than most movies of its era.
Casting Joan Fontaine as a poisoner (and an adulteress, which was just as shocking then - I'm not kidding, kids) was a masterful stroke.
She's just her usual Joan Fontainey self.
As murderers were supposed to, she dies by falling "feet foremost through the floor into an empty space."
OK, this movie starts out like a cheesy Lifetime movie and doesn't get better till almost well through the movie.
The script is full of 'cheese' and 'fluff' and cast is not well directed for the most part.
For the first half of the movie the little girl grated on my nerves.
I do not think this is one of her best acting jobs.
The only reason I bought the movie is because it was on sale and had Ellen Burstyn in it.
She's terrific but this is also not one of her best acting gigs.
The story is based on true events and that helps the movie.
Actually, I didn't even like the movie at first and was getting disgusted when I saw stills of the balloon traveling, I mean..let it get where it's suppose to go and be done with it!
But all is forgiven by the time it does reach it's destination and the story comes to a close.
If this doesn't bring a tear to your eye, nothing will!
It's cheesy and predictable but also makes you feel good about the world again.
Before all, I'd like to point out that I have not read the book, so there was no chance I'd be disappointed in that aspect.
The major flaw I spotted was historical detail, with several cars, trains, clothes, etc.
I think don´t belong at that time.
***Possible spoiler*****The technical aspect of the film is ok, nothing to brag about.
But the acting, I think, was terrific.
I don't have no experience in acting, still I can't believe how people can consider this terrible!
Maybe they've only seen two movies (ever), and the other one must have been very good indeed!I specially liked Jeremy Irons, and really understood his character, someone who crawled up the social ladder with very hard work, then fights against those who would take his life's work from him, only he gets so involved in this fight, he doesn't realize reason is no longer at his side, and he ends up a beaten, disappointed man.
Irons made this so believable, I sympathized with the character despite his brutality.After Jeremy Irons, Winona Ryder is also wonderful as a romantic young women, who is drawn into the revolutionary ideals by her boyfriend (Banderas, he had an under-developed part, I think), and Glenn Close was also very good.
Meryl Streep had an average performance, it was not bad, just not up to the standards of the other actors.
Watch out for Miguel Guilherme, a fine Portuguese actor, between so many stars.In contrast to today's movies, here only the interpretations, only people matter, but at the same time, it is not a pretensious film, too worried trying to be intellectual.
The best proof I really liked it, I'm writing a review 7 years later.
This movie is definately one of my favourite movies in it's kind.
The interaction between respectable and morally uncorruptable characters is an ode to chivalry and the honour code amongst thieves and policemen.
It treats themes like duty, guilt, word, manipulation and trust like few films have done and, unfortunately, none that I can recall since the death of the 'policial' in the late seventies.
The sequence is delicious, down to the essential, living nothing out and thus leading the spectator into a masterful plot right and wrong without accessory eye catching and spectacular scenes that are often needed in lesser specimens of the genre in order to keep the audience awake.
No such scenes are present or needed.
The argument is flowless and honest to the spectator, wich is an important asset in a genre in wich the the suspense is often achieved through the betrail of the audience.
No, this is not miss Marble... A note of congratulations for the music is in order A film to watch and savour every minute, not just to see.
This movie scared the crap out of me!
I have to admit that I spent most of the film watching through my fingers but what I saw was really scary.
I screamed out loud two or three times during the show.Film-making-wise my favorite aspects were the sound and photography.
The sound was particularly great and the setting was really creepy beautiful.
I read somewhere that it's some weird husband and wife team that made it.
For some reason that makes this even stranger for me.
If you enjoy the jumps and jitters of scary movies than this one is for you!
Very suspenseful and a great movie to rent with a bunch of friends who love to watch movies curled up on a sofa screaming like little girls!
I can understand those who dislike this movie cause of a lack of knowledge.First of all, those girls are not Geisha, but brothel tenants, and one that don't know the difference will not understand half of the movie, and certainly not the end.
This is a complete art work about the women's life and needs in this era.
Everything is important, and certainly the way they dress, all over the movie means more than words.
To those who thought it was a boring geisha movie, I'll suggest you to read a bit about this society before making a conclusion that is so out of the reality.
This is Kurosawa's work of is life, and I'm sure that the director understood the silent meaning of Kurosawa's piece to the right intellectual range.
What's Good About It: Some inventive and genuinely creepy little effects that will get under the skin of even the most seasoned horror fan.
Doesn't rely on the hackneyed soundtrack stabs for its "gotcha" moments.
Even if you've seen everything, there's still a few things in this film that will make your jaw drop.What Could Have Been Better About It: The acting was, at times, flat and unconvincing.
It had a "shot-on-video" quality in some places (though,it mostly achieved the atmosphere it was striving for), and the camera work is full of needless close-ups of meaningless actions.
Though the effects are genuinely creepy, I think they may have gone to the well a few too many times with some of them.
The ending seemed rushed, and glossed over what could have been more impactful moments.
The viewer is left to figure out a lot of things for themselves, not as a challenge by the filmmakers, but because they just missed it.Still, a good little indie horror film that is easily several steps above the average.
Well worth the rental.
You'd be forgiven to think a Finnish director from Helsinki would be no good at directing an American horror movie (especially one entirely located inside a US prison) - see this to prove yourself wrong!
It was produced in the 80's after all and the film was made on a budget more fitting to a modern DIY company TV advert (something I think anyone would really notice nowadays what with practically everyone being accustomed to $100m+ budgets for action movies unfortunately dominating the industry mind!)
being Mr Harlin's first major production and the - at least what nowadays would be considered a stellar - cast.
I still think most of the Nordic contribution to the film industry as a whole is more to do with Stellan Stargaard's screen appearances (not mentioning the well overrated Mr(s) Bergman directorial efforts) - at least for all female viewers - but this flick really proves there does exist proper movie talent outside of the US and Hollywood to make us watch a film in suspense.
Do try and watch this movie even if you're not a horror puff, IMO it's definitely worth it!
There are 21 comments as I add mine to this list and there is barely a criticism.
This is because this film is terrific entertainment and has a bit of everything in it.It is perhaps a little frightening for younger children but my 15-year old son thought it was fantastic in every way from the action, to the humour and even to the beautiful music score.I buy DVDs only when I know that they are going to be regularly watched and now that this is finally available in the UK, I will certainly be adding it to my collection.
A hit at the time but now better categorised as an Australian cult film.
The humour is broad, unsubtle and, in the final scene where a BBC studio fire is extinguished by urinating on it, crude.
Contains just about every cliche about the traditional Australian pilgrimage to 'the old country', and every cliche about those rapacious, stuck up, whinging, Tory Brits.
Would be acceptable to the British because of its strong cast of well known actors, and to Australians of that generation, who can 'get' the humour.
Americans -- forget it.
The language and jokes are in the Australian dialect of English and as such will be unintelligible.
Bellocchio refers to this as a mainly political movie, a description of the revolutionary movement in Italy, but that seems more metaphor than reality.
Well, almost everything in the movie seems like metaphor.
The revolutionaries, of whom we see and about whom we learn very little, might as well be mafiosi.
Out with the old and in with the new.Andrea's Papa, a psychoanalyst, seems to stand for the usual traditional bourgeois values -- morally upright, unperturbed, clean and tidy, thoroughly ritualized.Giullia, the girlfriend of a revolutionary, seems to represent what can happen to someone who needs very badly a cause to support but is unable to muster up the kind of devotion such a commitment demands.
(I'm guessing here.)
Andrea, the adolescent boy, seems to be the only guy in the movie who is not in some unquiet way "upatz."
He's respectful of his father but disobedient too.
He loves Giullia, or so we assume, although he's not really old enough to have learned how to manage his reflexes optimally, but he leaves her in order to show up at school and complete his final exams.
His course between these contradictory lifestyles could be described as "media."
He's the man in between, who knows the meaning of gradualism, who can keep his cool while those about him are screaming.Most of this is summed up during the oral part of his finals when he is asked to translate and comment on an excerpt from "Antigone," which contrasts the traditional authority of the gods with the notion of secularity and free will.That brings us -- by no particular course that I'm aware of -- to Marushka Detmars.
She brings to mind a New Yorker cartoon of a few years ago.
Two hippos are neck-deep in the river, staring at a gazelle drinking from the bank, and one hippo says to the other, "I hate her."
She's a good actress.
(Let me get that out of the way.)
But so is everyone else in the film.
She carries with her, in her speech and manner, the rich glitter of outright lunacy.
And it all comes from the actress too, not from directorial aid.
Detmars isn't nuts the way Catherine DeNeuve was nuts in "Repulsion."
The walls don't turn to rubber and grow hands.
Instead, we see her animated -- sometimes TOO animated.
And she gives us shocking jolts when her mood abruptly changes and becomes threatening the way a looming thunderstorm is threatening.A critic described her as sultry, but that's probably not the word he was searching for.
She's compellingly beautiful with her fluffy brown hair, her wide white ready grin, her impulsive giggles.
And her eyes are like the eyes in the paintings on the walls of ancient Egyptian tombs.
The sexy parts are pretty erotic, not so much because one of them is explicit, but because we've gotten to know the characters involved.
(It's more interesting to spy on the honeymoon couple next door than go to a skin flick.)
Actually there isn't THAT much sex.
There is only one scene of simulated intercourse but the director lets it play out in what seems to be real time.
At least real time for an eighteen-year-old boy.The young man who plays Andrea is fine too, which is a necessary thing, because the film depends almost entirely on him and Giullia.
They have to carry it and they do.
If it were not for their performances, I'm not sure this would be as interesting or as admirable flick as it is.
It could easily have been turned into a rather slow, boring romance.Worth it.
Once in a while, a film comes along that raises the bar for every other film in its genre.
A film of this caliber will influence many films following its release for years to come.
`A Chinese Ghost Story' falls in this category.
It is arguably one of the best horror films made during the 1980's; possibly one of the best ever made.The filmmakers have crafted a movie that appeals to every horror fan.
The story is engrossing and original.
The villains are appropriately menacing and frightening.
The sets are creepy and atmospheric.
There is even a little blood and gore to satisfy the splatter fan of the house.
But don't let the `horror' label scare you off, if you're not a fan of the genre.
This film easily fits into many different categories.The screenwriter has deftly blended the drama, comedy, horror, kung fu, and romance genres into a delicious deluxe cinematic pizza.
`A Chinese Ghost Story' is a beautiful epic love story told, thankfully, without the gratuitous nudity and/or explicit sex scenes that have ruined many Hollywood `love stories'.
Those put off by the romantic elements of the story can sit back and revel in the fast-paced swordplay and `wire-fu'.
If that's not enough, actors Leslie Cheung and Wu Ma provide enough humorous situations to satiate your appetite for comedy.
This film offers something for every film fan.Director Siu-Tung Ching and Producer Tsui Hark assembled a truly amazing cast for this film.
Leslie Cheung proves that he is not only a gifted actor, but also a talented singer and a charming physical comedian.
I cannot possibly think of a performer other than Cheung who could have portrayed Ling Choi Sin better (except maybe Chow Yun Fat).
Joey Wang is enchanting as Lit Su Seen, the enslaved spirit who steals the heart of Cheung's character.
Her portrayal of the title character is truly haunting and memorable.
Wu Ma is hilarious as the cantankerous Taoist who aids the young lovers.On technical level, this film is very impressive, even by today's standards.
The direction is superb.
I wish that today's Hollywood executives would seek out talented artists like Siu-Tung Ching rather falling back on the usual MTV video or Pepsi commercial `directors'.
The cinematography is gorgeous.
You have to commend any cinematographer who can make a film look good when most of its pivotal scenes take place in the dead of night.
The special effects make-up is top-notch.
In fact, most of the creature effects in this film blow away the shoddy CGI ghouls and goblins that have become commonplace in modern horror films.Since its release, "A Chinese Ghost Story" has spawned two worthy sequels, a full-length animated movie, and countless imitations.
None of the films that followed it or copied it were able to capture the magic of this classic, however.
This film is required viewing for any horror fan or just anyone looking for great way to spend 95 minutes of your time.
10 out 10.
Perhaps the best Isabel Allende's book, House of the Spirits describes an alternative chilean history, this one full of magic, a mystic veil, plus some kind of omnipresent sadness.
This movie gathers a great cast, plus a great art direction, with a script that cannot contain all this book's quality.
It's unusual for a nearly unknown country like Chile to get so well represented as it is by this movie, whose perhaps only sin is to aim too high, and because of that left the illiterate public a little upset, mostly because they understood very little.
"Tintin and I" first of all struck me as a masterpiece documentary.
The photography and the editing are truly breath-taking (almost anti-Dogma).We follow the life of Tintin drawer Hergé through an open-hearted interview from 1971.
The Tintin series was drawn on the background of the great ideological fights of the twentieth century.
In the midst of these Hergé has his own demons to fight with, and much of his drawing activity seems like an attempt to tame these and to escape into a world of perfection.Even though there are spectacular photographic panoramas of drawings from Tintin albums and also some reconstructions and reading of passages from the albums, the story of Hergé is told entirely through interviews and archive material, and never through reconstructions.Hergé lived the turbulent life of a true, suffering artist.
But the fantastic world that came of his imagination will continue to amaze readers again and again.
As a long time fan of Peter O'Donnell's greatest creation, I watched this film on DVD with no great hopes of enjoyment; indeed I expected to be reaching in disgust for the remote control within fifteen minutes.
But instead I thoroughly enjoyed this production, and I especially enjoyed and appreciated how the producers and director succeeded in telling the Modesty Blaise back story.
They managed to avoid the trap of making a (bad) film version of the books we are all so familiar with, choosing instead to concentrate on a period in Modesty's life only alluded to in the novels.As for the production values (and I am no student of cinematography!
): yes, the film was filmed on a tight financial and time budget and maybe that shows... but does it spoil the viewer's enjoyment?
In this case I think not.
Instead we are introduced to one of the world's greatest literary heroines and given a taste of her capabilities.In regard to the casting: because we in unfamiliar territory the only people who really matter are Modesty and (perhaps) Professor Lob.
For me they were totally credible.
Alexandra Staden, described by some as wooden, and too thin to be an action heroine, brought to the screen Modesty's poise and coolness; her technique (when martial arts were needed) but most importantly personified the integrity which is at the core of the Modesty Blaise canon.OK, so we all know this film was produced to stake Miramax's claim to the Modesty Blaise character, it was made quickly and cheaply, BUT...
I for one cannot wait to see the next production in this series by these producers - as long as they keep to the core values and characterisations of the original stories!
Artistically speaking, this is a beautiful movie--the cinematography, music and costumes are gorgeous.
In fact, this movie is prettier than those directed by Akira Kurasawa himself.
In this case, he only wrote the movie as it was made several years after his death.So, as far as the writing goes, the dialog was well-written and the story, at times, was interesting.
However, the story was also rather depressing yet uninvolving in some ways--after all, it's the story of a group of women who work in a brothel.
It's interesting that although prostitution has been seen as a much more acceptable business in Japan, the women STILL long for a better life.
This reminds me a lot of the movie Streets Of Shame, though Streets Of Shame's characters are a lot less likable and more one-dimensional.So, overall it gets a 7--mostly due to everything BUT the writing.
It's too bad that the weakest link in this movie is the story by the great Kurasawa.
I'm surprised that no one yet has mentioned that there are two versions of this same film.
The lion's share of the footage in both is identical, but here is where they differ: In one version (the version I have seen most often on broadcast TV), the group of clerics guarding the gateway consists of the "Brotherhood of the Protectors", a (fictional) splinter group of priests and brothers "excommunicated" by the Church.
In the other version, which I've seen only once on TV, the clerics guarding the gateway are depicted as priests of the official Church, meaning the Archdiocese of New York (or perhaps Brooklyn).
Also, in the former version, in most of the pertinent scenes, the clerics are referred to as "brothers" (and in some scenes, you can see where the lips say "Father" so-and-so but the dubbed audio says "Brother" so-and-so.
In the latter version, I believe everyone is referred to as "Father".In any event, it seems that one of these two versions is more or less a partial re-shooting of the other, with all "Brotherhood of the Protector" scenes re-shot as "Archdiocese" scenes, or vice versa.
(Kind of reminds me of the Raymond Burr cutaway scenes in "Godzilla").
I have videotaped both versions off broadcast TV, so no, I'm not imagining this.
Can anyone shed some more light on the story behind these two versions of the film?
Christina Raines plays a lovely model in New York who seeks out a new apartment and begins to meet strange neighbors and reveal a secret about the building and herself slowly building up to quite a climax by film's end.
This film has all kinds of neat plot elements from the Roman Catholic Church vs. the Devil, to the gateway to Hell, to bizarre rituals, to a growing conspiracy, and finally to a host of talented famous actors and actresses flooding the film.
We get Ava Gardner, Burgess Meredith, Chris Sarandon, Jerry Orbach, Deborah Raffin, Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Slyvia Miles, Beverly DeAngelo, Eli Wallach, Martin Balsam, Christopher Walkin, William Hickey, Tom Berenger, Jeff Goldblum, and who can forget John Carradine as the old priest.
Many of these actors ham it up - particularly Burgess Meredith giving a fine comic/demented performance as one of the neighbors with a little bird and a cat.
Meredith is memorable as is Balsam and Chris Sarandon.
Some of the performers have virtually nothing to do like Jose Ferrer in a thankless role even if it is nothing more than a cameo.
The Sentinel is a fine horror film with plenty of psychological elements and some truly terrifying scenes.
The end scene is repulsive and yet chilling.
I do find fault with some of the gratuitous sex and violence in the film, particularly that whole scene with DeAngelo and Miles.
Was that really necessary?
I think not.
Also, the father/daughter stuff was a bit much as well, but overall the film works and has a winning pace.
Director Michael Winner does a workmanlike job and is effective creating tension and scary movie moments.
The scenes with Carradine are particularly effective.
Hotel Du Nord is a gripping drama of guilt in which Marcel Carne portrayed an entertaining tale of ill-fated love which also functions as a revolt against the cruel world.The film is based entirely on a pair of hapless lovers.Pierre and Renee were mistaken when they believed that suicide would put an end to their misery.Hotel Du Nord has its own inimitable charm as its inhabitants have become an essential part of the establishment.There is an element of togetherness as everyone flocks to Hotel Du Nord to eat,chat etc.Marcel Carne has remained true to the spirit of the films produced in 30s and 40s as Hotel Du Nord has a certain kind of nostalgic feel.Carne,while recreating the life of Parisian roads was able to create a sort of nostalgia for black and white giving a unique genre of poetic realism to his oeuvre.Hotel Du Nord can be termed as a quintessence of cinematographic populism.The 14th July ball scene on the banks of Saint Martin canal remains a magnificent sequence.The film's immense popularity can be judged from the fact that Hotel Du Nord has been declared as a national monument.
magellan33 said: "You can only do so much when the two stars of the show can only be seen by one fellow cast member.
"I assume, then, that you never heard of "Topper".Which, in addition to the two stars who could only be seen by one member of the cast, had a dog, ditto.This was the kind of program that had "Not Gonna Make It" written allover it from the first episode - it was like an arcade video game where you actually have to read the instructions to play; no-one (well, very few of us, apparently) wants to watch a comedy program that has a basic premise that actually requires *thought* to grasp.
I'm not sure how I missed this one when it first came out, but I am glad to have finally seen it.This movie takes place in and around the 19th century red light district of Okabasho, Japan.
It tells the tale of prostitution, caste systems and women who are strong in a society based upon the strength of the samurai code of Japan.It is uniquely Akira Kurosawa!
Even though he died before he could direct this movie, his adaptation of the screenplay shows.
His view of the Japanese world and caste system is renowned and sheds light upon how these systems interact with each other.
The characters may revolve around each other, but the caste system stays intact when each character goes back to the world they belong in.
The samurai warrior who drifts into the good hearted and loving prostitute's world goes back to his life, while she embarks on a another road with a man who is part of her caste system..lowest of the low.
Many prize the world of the samurai above all others, but yet, it is the lower caste inhabitants who can support each other and who can love without restraint.
The samurai in this movie turns out to be the weak one, while the classless lovers prove to be the honorable ones.
The movie deserves a higher rating.
It is a tale of survival of women in feudal Japan.
During this time frame, men were thought to be the survivors..the strong ones while women were thought to be just mindless and weak property.
This movie highlights the strength of Japanese women and how they did what they had to for survival, and how their strength enabled the Japanese culture to continue on as it has.I recommend "The Sea is Watching" to anyone who is a fan of Akira Kurosawa and even if they're not a fan.
It is a lovely, quiet and soul sustaining movie, and one to be treasured for any movie collection.
Having seen the short a number of times at horror movie marathons, I believe it to be a humorous parody that slices to the main point of its reference.Though the themes are crusty and stale to today's viewers, it is by no means a crumby waste of time.Though being a student film gives little rise to an excuse, the proof is that it appears crafted with care on a budget of little to no dough.As noted by another reviewer, it is less than ten minutes which is plenty of time to cleanse the viewing palate with a toast of joy, sit back and loaf idly through the film.I think this short-bread of a film should be enjoyed as an appetizer for the title reference and the viewer should relax and roll with it.
The story centers around Barry McKenzie who must go to England if he wishes to claim his inheritance.
Being about the grossest Aussie shearer ever to set foot outside this great Nation of ours there is something of a culture clash and much fun and games ensue.
The songs of Barry McKenzie(Barry Crocker) are highlights.
Being someone who lists Night of the Living Dead at number three in her top five favorite movies of all time, and at the same time loving this student film parody, I feel I must defend this movie against the previously posted scathing reviews.
This short but sweet opus has always been a crowd-pleaser at horror and science fiction movie marathons where those who attend have a love of the genre yet know not to take zombie movies too seriously.
This film is a tribute to the original, not an insult.
It is intended to be funny, and many others who I have heard chant for and applaud it agree with me that it succeeds.
Especially for those of us who have seen NOTLD 50+ times.
Watch for the director cameo as news reporter Jeff Drexel, and also if you have the opportunity catch his Alien parody, Loaf.
this movie is the best movie ever it has a lot of live action It's just great everyone should watch it and the actor are great the location is Rome Italy thats the best place ever the actors are great Mary-Kate Olsen is such a great actress she plays Charlie and thats a great character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and thats a great character to love When in Rome love it.
I read nothing but good things about this movie and finally had a chance to watch it late last night and it was everything I expected it to be and more.This is the way a proper horror movie should be.I think the reason it was so scary was because it was so realistic.
The spooky sounding score was perfect for setting a dark mood.I liked the dramatic opening scene and enjoyed how the rest of the movie played out.It was very easy to follow and understand unlike some movies which are way too complicated.The special effects were very good.I would love to see more horror movies like this one.This is easily one of my favorite's.A realistic thunder and lightning storm would have set a nice atmosphere for this movie.Other then that it had all the elements a good horror movie needs.I highly recommend this movie to anyone who can appreciate a good scary movie that pulls no punches.I will be adding it to my collection.The DVD has some interesting special features.
Before all, I'd like to point out that I have not read the book, so there was no chance I'd be disappointed in that aspect.
The major flaw I spotted was historical detail, with several cars, trains, clothes, etc.
I think don´t belong at that time.
***Possible spoiler*****The technical aspect of the film is ok, nothing to brag about.
But the acting, I think, was terrific.
I don't have no experience in acting, still I can't believe how people can consider this terrible!
Maybe they've only seen two movies (ever), and the other one must have been very good indeed!I specially liked Jeremy Irons, and really understood his character, someone who crawled up the social ladder with very hard work, then fights against those who would take his life's work from him, only he gets so involved in this fight, he doesn't realize reason is no longer at his side, and he ends up a beaten, disappointed man.
Irons made this so believable, I sympathized with the character despite his brutality.After Jeremy Irons, Winona Ryder is also wonderful as a romantic young women, who is drawn into the revolutionary ideals by her boyfriend (Banderas, he had an under-developed part, I think), and Glenn Close was also very good.
Meryl Streep had an average performance, it was not bad, just not up to the standards of the other actors.
Watch out for Miguel Guilherme, a fine Portuguese actor, between so many stars.In contrast to today's movies, here only the interpretations, only people matter, but at the same time, it is not a pretensious film, too worried trying to be intellectual.
The best proof I really liked it, I'm writing a review 7 years later.
'The second beginning' as it's title explains, shows us the beginning of the end for the human race.
Set long before the matrix existed, this short anime written by the Wachowski's shows us the world that could lay infront of us in the not to distant future, set at the turn of the 21st century, the second renaissance delves into issues common with human behaviour; greed, power, control, vanity etc.The use of robots or artificial intellegence as slaves or servents is common among science fiction/fantasy stories.
The second renaissance is no exeption to this concept, however instead of a simple man vs. machine layout, this story explains the struggle that the machines put up with, the struggle for acceptance in a world ruled by humans.
Where the matrix films show us the human perspective, these short animations tell both sides of the story.The second renaissance part 1 + 2, answer many questions brought up by the original Matrix film, such as how the war broke out, how the sky was blackend, what led to the use of humans as batteries and it also introduces us to the machine city called 01, which may have relevance to the upcoming Matrix Revolutions film.I won't give away too much of the story, as I do not want to ruin the experience for perspective viewers, however, I will recommend it to anybody interested in the world of the matrix or simply anybody interested in Japanese animation (anime).9/10.
Fragile Carne, just before his great period.
Although it is sometimes hesitantly directed, and marred by longueurs, HOTEL DU NORD is full of the faded charm and beauty typical of French films of the late 1930s, as well as a relative lightness of touch unusual with this director.
All of his great virtues are here: the cramped interiors broken up by gliding, complex, delicious camera movements; a melancholy deployment of light and shade; remarkable, wistful sets by Alexander Trauner, which are so evocative that they, as the title suggests, take on a shaping personality of their own; the quietly mournful music of Maurice Jaubert; a seemingly casual plot about romance, tragedy and fatalism that casts a noose over its characters; extraordinary performances by some of the greatest players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty.In fact, the film's biggest failing, and I find myself astonished (as someone who usually, didactically, minimises its importance) to admit it, is its script.
It has plenty of wit and poignancy, but without the poetry and irony regular Carne collaborator Jacques Prevert brought to their best films, it cannot avoid slipping into cliche (even if it is only cliche in hindsight).Ostensibly set in the boarding house, the film sets up its opening idea of community with two interconnecting tales of doomed love, and emotional, metaphysical and actual isolation The doomed love scenario is the one that works least well.
Annabella is very beautiful, but not very good at doing tragic, while Aumont's callowness, brilliantly appropriate though it may be, by its nature obtrudes any real, felt, romance.
Maybe it's just me, but I find it hard to sympathise with a couple, so young, so attractive, who, after only a few months, are so racked with despair that they have to shoot each other.
Their high-flown lines are rather embarrassing too.
Of course, this affair is not meant to be plausible - they are symbolic of youth, hope and possibility being crushed in France, or maybe France itself, despairing, resigned, waiting for death.
For symbols to be truly powerful, they must convince on a narrative level, which, I feel, they don't quite here.What saves this plot is its connection with the story of M. Edmond, a character linked to the great tradition of French gangsters.
Although we only learn it gradually, he is a killer in hiding, living off the prostitute played by Arletty, having dobbed in his accomplices.
In his previous 'role' - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he had one set of traits; in hiding he has assumed their complete opposite.
Living a rather aimless life, he is profoundly shaken by the lovers' pact, and becomes fatalistic, realising the folly of trying to cheat death.In this way - the admission that one is less a person than a collection of signs, and that death is an unavoidable reality the most powerful masculinity must succumb to - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville's clinical killers.
With one exception - he gives briefly into hope, a delusion which only strenghtens - if that's not too much of an unbearable irony - his fatal resolve.All this could have been trite if it wasn't for the truly amazing performance of Louis Jouvet.
I had studied his theatrical work at college, but this was my first taste of his screen talents, and he reveals himself to be worthy of the greats - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving a quiet nobility to a role which is more of a conception (he, needless to say, is allegorical too) than an actual person.
Edmond begins the film a minor supporting character, but emerges as a tragic hero of some force.
Like all those major actors, Jouvet's brilliance lies in what he conceals.On a formal level, what amazes is Carne's grasping, ten years before its flourishing, of the techniques of the great Hollywood melodramas of Sirk, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli.
Although his theatricality lacks the fluidity and clear-eyed beauty of Sierck's contemporary German melodramas (check out the masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne's style truly fits his theme - that of entrapment, paralysis, resignation.The film's principle motif is that of water - the credits float and dissolve, the hotel stands by a waterway - but instead of Renoir's open river of possibility, we have a canal, stagnant and manmade, going nowhere.
The film begins as it ends, and the setting never changes, except for one brief interlude from which both escapees are doomed to return.
Characters can only escape through death - their entrapment is emphasised by the narrow rooms they occupy, the walls and frames that hold them captive, the windows that look out on an escape they can never achieve.
Any hope at the end, therefore, is profoundly, if romantically, compromised.
Although I bought the DVD when it first came out, and have watched it several times, I never wrote a review.I loved it when I first saw it and I love it still.Sadly, it seems it never made enough money to motivate anyone to do a follow-up.
I have to assume QT still controls the rights, but after Kill Bill if he does a film that is as true to the comics and books as My Name is Modesty, with another tough female lead, anyone not familiar with the character will see this as a let-down.Peter O'Donnell wrote his stories to focus more on psychological suspense rather than action thrillers.The tug of wills between Modesty and Miklos is very true to the source material and is tense, suspenseful and fascinating to anyone who doesn't have to have gore and explosions.
Alexandra did a great job in playing how O'Donnell's character would have taken control of the situation.I find this particularly ahead of the curve following the sorely needed reboots of Batman and James Bond.
After 2 dismal earlier efforts, although not nearly as well known to the public, this is really a reboot of the Modesty character, and it is really sad that probably no more films about her will be made.
along with it's partner, this is the greatest piece of animation ever created.
the images and styles are amazing, and match perfectly with the story which is a brilliantly realistic reinterpretation of our own world, where is has been, and where it could go.
quite affecting and sometimes painful to watch, it it a masterpiece of the visual art.
For those that were interested in knowing how exactly humanity came to be encased in big red pods that make me crave pomegranate, there is the duo of the "Second Renaissance" shorts.
I'm not exactly sure why they are split into two parts, especially since they're credited as one on the DVD (and are these shorts viewed on any other format but the DVD?
), but they're informative even if they have a few gaps.What really makes this first part stand out, from the second part and the rest of the animations as well, is the parallels it shows between robot uprising and civil rights.
Graphic homages to slavery, fascism, concentration camps, and mass graves are mixed with verbal references to the Million Man March and humanity's God-complex.
In fact, "God" is never really referenced by these shorts, instead replaced by "Man's own image".As far as the shorts go in the collection, "The Second Renaissance: Part I" is by far the most effective in bringing out emotion.
It's a sorrowful and disturbing view of the potential of humanity to become "the architect of its own destruction."
Some may be turned off by some of the concepts this short rips directly out of previously established science fiction literature, but then again, that's basically what most of the Matrix series has done, and it's been a driving force behind its success.--PolarisDiB
I definitely recommend reading the book prior to watching the film.
This book won National Book Council Award in 1978 and is a very gripping read (pun not intended).
It's not too difficult to read for those out there that don't read often so don't be afraid!
The book seems to capture the passion of the relationships more so than the movie and the movie will make more sense after reading the book.
Having grown up in Melbourne I could really relate to this book and movie.
Very few Australian female writers were around the in the 70's therefore very little is documented about the way of life for a women in an urban city in Australia during this era or class.
It's a precious piece of Melbourne history.
It's a shame that it is documented as some sort of 80's soft porn movie.
It's far from that and as the other reviewer has mentioned please do not read the DVD jacket, it does not represent what the movie is about at all.
Those that rent the movie based on this description will only be disappointed.
Just remember this movie was made in 1982, so don't expect the Hollywood over dramatization that they seem to incorporate these days.
This is what I like about it.
It's also great seeing Noni Hazlehurst in this role, she is just fantastic as Nora and it's great watching her really acting, for if you're close to my age you will best remember her for her stints on Playschool and Better Homes and Gardens.
Who knew she hid this talent?
This movie will give you an entirely new impression of her.
A classic Australian Story!
What an inspiring movie, I laughed, cried and felt love.
For a true story,it does give you hope and that miracles do happen.
It has a great cast.
Ellen Burstyn, Samantha Mathis, Jodelle Ferland(she's 4 or 5yrs.
old) what a actress.
Its on Showtime.
A Must See Movie!!
:)=
I pulled down a VHS box from my vast collection - many unseen - and picked out a movie, based on the box art, I thought would be fun, and yes, bad.
Prison had that 80s cheesy look all over that box.
I sat down and watched, and lo!
and behold!, found that sometimes we do indeed sit down to a movie with preconceived expectations in mind.
Fortunately, I reversed mine quickly and soon realized I was sitting down not just to an okay film but a rather good movie in total.
Prison tells the story of an old, dilapidated prison being reopened to save on budgetary concerns.
It looks creepy as all empty and filled with prisoners.
The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film.
The story using the prison as its central setting tells in a prologue of a man being killed via the electric chair.
We see Lane Smith as a guard - tearing away a Crucifix before sending the man to his Maker.
We then go to present day, first with a government board at a meeting deciding to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor in to make sure that conditions are acceptable as she campaigned vigorously against re-opening the old prison.
Then we see the new warden, Lane Smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and given the new job of opening a prison he has not been to in years.
Well, the rest follows suit: prisoners and guards arrive with plenty of stereotypes abounding.
We are given some character depth and several of the prisoners are interesting characters.
The acting is better than one might expect with Lane Smith doing as always a workmanlike job.
Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner being solid.
Tom Everett, Tiny Lister, and Ivan Kane really exploring the boundaries of their stereotypical characters.
Chelsea Field is okay as the female lead.
The best performance is by Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underrated character actor, as Cresus - a prisoner who had been in that very same prison years ago when the "man" had been executed" with some kind of terrible secret.
Prison is not the next best thing to sliced bread or anything like that, but it is definitely worth a look and definitely better than most would expect from it.
I was pleasantly surprised at the way director Renny Harlin created a story so visually atmospheric.
The film has a tense, taut pace and Harlin knows how to build his scenes.
There are a few excessively shot gore scenes - the one with the barbed wire was a bit much as was the one with all the pipes.
But these scenes are visually creative and interesting.
The acting is uniformly decent.
The script actually much more cohesive than one usually gets from films like these.
That may in part be credited to Irwin Yablans who wrote the story.
You may remember he came up with the idea of making Halloween scary as a holiday.
Here he makes incarceration a hell of a lot more scarier than it already is.
Give Prison a break(get it).
There's never a dull moment in this movie.
Wonderful visuals, good actors, and a classical story of the fight of good and evil.
Mostly very funny, sometimes even scary.
A true classic, a movie everybody should see.
This was the Modesty that we didn't know!
It was hinted at and summarized in the comic strip for the syndicates to sell to newspapers!
Lee and Janet Batchler were true Modesty Blaise fans who were given The Dream Job - tell a prequel story of Modesty that the fans never saw before.
In their audio-commentary, they admitted that that they made changes in her origin to make the story run smoother.
The "purists" should also note that we really don't know if everything she told Miklos was true because she was "stalling for time."
I didn't rent or borrow the DVD like other "reviewers" did, I bought it!
And I don't want a refund!
I watched it three times and I didn't sleep through it!
Great dialog and well-drawn characters that I cared about (even bad guy Miklos) just like in the novels and comic strips!
I too can't wait for the next Modesty (and Willie) film,especially if this "prequel" is a sign of what's to come!
A tragically wonderful movie... brings us to a Japan that does not exist anymore.
Despite Hollywood's technical expertise, I have yet to see a (hollywood) movie that can match the authenticity of the atmosphere in this small town by the river near the sea... Tom Cruise's The Last Samurai looked liked the last installment of the Lord of The Rings in trying to capture rural Old Japan.If you like serene but intense story lines, this is a must see film.
It will be a respite from hollow flashy films much like the last 1000 blockbusters you saw.
I think this is one of Kurosawa's better stories.Even if it's a movie about geishas and brothels and the complicated rules that govern life in such settings, it did not turn into a skin flick.
The characters are full of depth and act with much intensity.
Master director Ching Siu Tung's perhaps most popular achievement is this series, A Chinese Ghost Story 1-3.
Chinese Ghost Story stars Leslie Cheung in some distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend a night during his "collecting trip" in a mysterious castle in which some strange old warriors fight and meet him.
Beautiful actress Joey Wang/Wong is the ghost who lives in that castle and is under a domination of one powerful demon, a wood devil who collects human souls for herself/itself with the help of her beautiful ghosts.
Leslie and Joey fall in love, and even though ghosts are not allowed to live with humans, they decide to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives.
This is not what the wood devil thinks and our protagonists have to fight for their lives and their happiness.This film is no less full of magic than other films by Ching Siu Tung.
His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, which all have incredible visuals and kinetic power in their action scenes.
Ghost Story is full of brilliant lightning and dark atmosphere, which is lightened by the strong presence of the beautiful and good willing ghost.
The effects are simply breath taking and would work at their greatest power in the big screen.
The camera is moving and twisted all the time and it adds to the fairy tale atmosphere this film has.
There's plenty of wire'fu stunts, too, and even though some think they are and look gratuitous or stupid when used in films, I cannot agree and think they give motion pictures the kind of magic, freedom and creativeness any other tool could not give.
When people fly in these films, it means the films are not just about our world, and they usually depict things larger than life with the power of this larger than life art form.The story about the power of love is pretty touching and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are little too shallow and act unexplainably occasionally.
Leslie and Joey should have been written with greater care and their characters should be even more warm, deep and genuine in order to give the story a greater power and thus make the film even more noteworthy and important achievement.
Also, the message about love and power of it is underlined little too much at one point and it should have been left just to the viewer's mind to be interpreted and found.
Another negative point about the dialogue is that it's too plenty and people talk in this film without a reason.
That is very irritating and sadly shows the flaws many scriptwriters tend to do when they write their movies.
People just talk and talk and it's all there just to make everything as easy to understand as possible and so the film is not too challenging or believable as it has this gratuitous element.
Just think about the films of the Japanese film maker Takeshi Kitano; his films have very little dialogue and all there is is all the necessary as he tells his things by other tools of cinema and never talks, or makes other characters talk too much in his movies.
This is just the talent the writers should have in order to write greater scripts.Otherwise, Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and visually breath taking piece of Eastern cinema, and also the song that is played in the film is very beautiful and hopefully earned some award in the Hong Kong film awards back then.
I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the flaws mentioned above, this would without a doubt be almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
I was living Rawlins when this movie was made and I got lucky enough to be able to work on it.
Both as an extra and with Eddie Surkin on special effects.
It was fun to see all the behind the scene workings, from the Barbedwire coming alive to the Electric chair up through the wardens office floor.
Also it was a lot of fun getting to meet all the actors, from Viggo to Tiny.
Also the gate that was cut into the prison wall for the movie was and still is called "Disney Gate" by locals.
If anybody is interested and is ever in Rawlins, most of the movies sets are still in place and can be seen during the self guided tour.
It was a lot of fun working for and with R. Harlin and wished I had a chance to do it again.
This movie is incredible.With great characters,specially the old swordsman that can fly in the shape of fireball and jump across the trees,this film tells a classic story of battle between good and forces of evil.The final showdown is specially breathtaking and the music score is kinda cool.Very,very recommendable.Not for the smallest children though.This one deserves a 10.
Viggo Mortensen stars as a new inmate of a haunted prison in which the warden (Played well by Lane Smith) has a grisly secret that could be the reason why various prison guards and inmates are being slaughtered by a supernatural presence.
Lincoln Kilpatrick is the lifer who knows the secret and is scared for his life.
When I think prison movies, I always think action movies starring Stallone or Van Damme or high caliber dramas such as Shawshank Redemption or The Green Mile.
However I didn't expect a ghost story more along the lines of Exorcist III.
Prison however is an atmospheric effort and it certainly remains the best movie of Renny Harlin's career.
The movie is creepy and has some good acting from a cast of (at the time) unknowns.
Lane Smith comes off the best because his warden isn't the usual cliché of evil personified but rather nervous and twitchy which adds some credibility to a movie that far exceeds expectations.
*** out of 4-(Good)
Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge-themed films, such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land", but he is equally gifted as a director of occult Horror cinema, as "The Sentinel" of 1977 proves.
"The Sentinel", which is based on a novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the screenplay, is a clever and immensely creepy religious chiller that no lover of occult Horror should consider missing.
The film is obviously inspired by successful occult classics such as "Rosemary's Baby", "The Exorcist" or "The Omen", but, as far as I am concerned, it is also easily as unsettling as these more widely acclaimed films, and probably even creepier.Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young New York model.
Traumatized by events in her her past and not yet willing to marry her lawyer boyfriend (Chris Sarandon), Allison is in search for an apartment, and finds a big, incredibly nice one, which is also affordable, in an old mansion in Brooklyn.
The new apartment, however, comes along with a bunch of very strange other tenants.
And the sinister new neighbors soon become more than a little bothersome to Alice...
This may not be an adequate plot synopsis, but I would hate to spoil any of this film's great moments, so I will not give any further plot description.
What I will say, however, is that "The Sentinel" is a very creepy and effective film that profits from a great cast as well as an often bizarre and constantly uncanny atmosphere.
The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers here certainly had its influence on the outcome.
The film is imaginatively photographed, and the eerie old Brooklyn mansion is a fantastic setting for this kind of film.
As mentioned above, the atmosphere is obscure and creepy, and the film also includes several shock-moments and genuine scares.
The film features many sinister and eccentric characters, and the cast is superb.
Beautiful Christina Raines is great in her role of Allison Parker, lovable and yet on the cusp to losing her mind.
Chris Sarandon is also very good as her boyfriend, a successful lawyer, and the supporting cast includes many big names, such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before becoming really famous.
The cast also includes stars like Ava Gardner, Horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith, and, my personal favorite, the great Eli Wallach as a cynical homicide detective.
I've been a great fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, mostly for films like "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land".
"The Sentinel" is yet another great film in Winner's repertoire, and also the proof that the man is not only a master of hard-boiled revenge-cinema, but also of atmospheric occult Horror.
All in all, "The Sentinel" is a creepy, intelligent, and amazingly bizarre occult chiller that is highly recommended to all Horror fans!
This is a brilliant documentary that follows the life of Herge and his creating TinTin.
Its based around a series of interviews conducted in 1971, and covers every thing from his early life and "Nazi collaboration" to the final moments of his life.Brilliantly edited, very cinematic and fast paced enough to not get boring.
This film will give you a new appreciation for the work of Herge.The film makers make the film more than just another documentary.
Using the latest state of the art technology and for a change putting it to good use.Recently more and more documentaries have been making it to cinemas.
But this one as to be amongst the best...
This movie is one of my favourites.
It is a genre-mixture with ingredients of the Action-/Horror-/Romantic-/Comedygenre.
Some of the special effects may seem outdated compared to modern standards.
This minor flaw is easily ignored.
There is so much to discover in this story.
The romantic relation between the two main characters is so beautiful that it hurts.
The visuals are beautiful too.
The action is great which is no surprise, it is originating from Honkong, birthplace of the world's best action movies.
The humour sometimes seems a little bit silly but in a good way.
Somehow this movie is being able to balance the different moods and keeps being good.
Absolutely recommended.
I enjoyed this film.
It was a joy to see a version so close to the vision of Peter O'Donnell.A number of people have disliked the film, but it has to be seen in context of the origin story that it is.
The film uses flashback to show the young Modesty and the events that shaped her into the woman that she became.
Before the Network.
Before Willie Garvin.The pace is a trifle slow, and for my taste not enough tension is developed in the present day scenes.
However this is acceptable just to get such a faithful version.If you like Modesty Blaise, you will enjoy it even with its faults, if you just want an action flick with car chases - forget it.It has the feeling of being the first of a franchise, but as I have never seen it promoted anywhere, I suspect there will be no more to follow.
Sadly.
"Chinese Ghost Story" is one of the most amazing Hong Kong films I have ever seen.It's a brilliant mix of fantasy,comedy,romance,horror and martial arts.The film has some wonderful visuals and amazing fights.I love especially the fight scene between Wu Ma and the tree demon tongue.Truly original and refreshing film and another Embalmer's fine recommendation.
2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that actually linked to the plot of the film.
Also released was a DVD of 9 short animated films, most written and made in Japan and made as Anime.
Japan makes some of the best animation in the world.
Sadly most of these shorts are disappointing.
The best of them is the first part of a prequel to the first Matrix film.The Second Renaissance is made as a historical file.
It tells how humans made machines in their own likeness.
Humans live the high life whilst machines are the grunts, the workers of society, second class citizens.
In the year 2090, a machine, BI-66ER was put of trial for murder, after killing his owners who wanted to deactivate him.
The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world.
The governments of the world order to dismantle machines.
Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1.
01 has a productive economy and easily undercut the human nations, forcing them into economic crisis.
The human blockade 01 and reject the machines requests for peace, thereby it was the humans who were responsible for the war that enslaves them.The Second Renaissance is a interesting watch, with excellent, traditional animation style and sets a compelling world.
It shows how the machines were mistreated and that humanity sowed the seeds of their own destruction.
There is a political and social world and the short tells a lot in it short running time.
The short shares themes and a style to the classic silent film Metropolis, partly the beginning with the underworld.
They are the themes of slavery, the mistreatment of the working class and racism.
The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography.
Mainly that men saw themselves as God and created the machines in their own likeness.
Seeing themselves as the rightful masters of the machines.
The machines too use religious iconography, mainly forming their nation in 'cradle of human civilisation' and the machines coming to the United Nations dressed as Adam and Eve, offering an apple.The animation style is beautiful, done in the traditional anime style (like Akira).
The set designs are great, combine futuristic with historic cities, e.g.
Washington D.C..
There is well down future scene, and surprising violence, which is key to the film.
The director, Mahiro Maeda, also directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol.
1, so has good credentials to Hollywood.
He is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story going.The only real complain is a continuity error to the first Matrix film because Morpheus mentions that the humans have no historical records or know who started the war.
But its a good watch.
This version of Anna Christie is in German.
Greta Garbo again plays Anna Christie, but all of the other characters have different actors from the English version.
Both were filmed back to back because Garbo had such a following in Germany.
Garbo herself supposedly favored her Anna Christie in this version over the English version.
It's a good tale and a must-see for Garbo fans.
this is a great movie.
i like it where ning climbs down to get his ink, and the skeletons chase him, but luckily he dodged them, opened the window, and didn't even notice them.
xiao qian is very pretty too.
& when he stuck the needle up ma Wu's butt, its hysterical.
and when he is saying love is the greatest thing on earth while standing between two swords is great too.
then also the part where he eats his buns while watching thew guy kill many people.
then you see him chanting poems as he ran to escape the wolves.
the love scenes are romantic, xiao qian and ning look cute together.
add the comic timing, the giant tongue, and u have horror, romance, comedy, all at once.
not to mention superb special effects for the 90s.
David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film.Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very unfair to say the least.David made his name on the x-files and is a decent actor.
Dr Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However the FBI take an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom.
Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a solid performance.
Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character.
Duchovny himself isn't as bad as many people would think and in the end i would rate his performance his credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present but dosen't detract too much from the film
This happens to be one of my favorite horror films.
It's a rich, classy production boasting an excellent cast of ensemble actors, beautiful on-location cinematography, a haunting musical score, an intelligent and novel plot theme, and an atmosphere of dread and menace.
It's reminiscent of such classic films as ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, wherein young, vulnerable women find themselves victimized by supernatural forces in old, creepy buildings with a macabre past.
Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays a top New York City fashion model named Alison Parker.
Her happy, outgoing exterior masks a deeply conflicted and troubled soul.
This is evidenced by the revelation that in her past, she attempted suicide twice- once as a teenage girl after walking in on her degenerate father cavorting in bed with two women and having him rip a silver crucifix from her neck and toss it on the floor, and the second time, after her married lawyer-boyfriend's wife supposedly committed suicide over learning of their affair.
Telling her beau(played by a suitably slimy CHRIS SARANDON) that she needs to live on her own for a year or so, she answers a newspaper ad for a fully-furnished, spacious one-bedroom apartment in an old Brooklyn Heights brownstone.
This building actually exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace right by the Brooklyn Heights Promenade off Remsen Street.
The producers actually filmed inside the building and its apartments, paying the residents for their inconvenience, of course.
The real estate agent, a Miss Logan(AVA GARDNER), seems to be very interested in having Alison take the apartment- an interest that cannot be solely explained by the 6% commission she would earn.
Especially when she quickly drops the rental price from $500.00 a month to $400.00.
Alison agrees and upon leaving the building with Miss Logan, notices an elderly man sitting and apparently staring at her from the top-floor window.
Miss Logan identifies the man to her as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he's blind.
Alison's response is very logical- "Blind?
Then what does he look at?"
After moving in, Alison meets some of the other residents in the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who provide Alison with an uncomfortable welcome to the building.
Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon start to deteriorate and she is plagued by splitting headaches and fainting spells.
When she relays her concerns to Miss Logan about her sleep being disturbed on a nightly basis by clanging metal and loud footsteps coming from the apartment directly over her, she is dumbstruck to learn that apart from the blind priest and now herself, no one has lived in that building for the last three years.
Summoning the courage one night to confront her nocturnal tormentor, she arms herself with a butcher knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment upstairs.
She is confronted by the cancer-riddled specter of her dead father and uses the knife on him in self-defense when he comes after her.
The police investigate and find no sign of violence in that apartment- no corpse, no blood, nothing.
Yet Alison fled the building and collapsed in the street, covered in blood- her own, as it turns out.
But there's nary a mark on her.
What Alison doesn't realize until the film's denouement is that her being in that brownstone has a purpose.
She was put there for a reason- a reason whose origin dates back to the Biblical story of the Garden of Eden and of the angel Uriel who was posted at its entrance to guard it from the Devil.
She is being unknowingly primed and prepped by the Catholic Church to assume a most important role- one that will guarantee that her soul, which is damned for her two suicide attempts, can be saved.
At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, who turn out to be more than just quirky oddballs, have a different agenda in mind for her.
This is a competent and intelligently done film and one that surprisingly portrays the Church and its representatives in a mostly sympathetic light.
the movie is far more sophisticated and intelligent is its exploration of sexual tension than such American attempts as 9 and a half weeks...the courtroom scene itself...with the couple copulating in the cage while the heroine pleads for their orgasm...is amazing...I have not seen this movie in 20 years...but it made indelible pictures in my mind...it is rich in texture and successful in creating a world where sex is the engine for all activity, and at its bottom is the yawning angst that lives in us all....the plot is European, and it meanders a bit, but so does life...especially when you are 17 and have a constant hard on....
With the mixed reviews this got I wasn't expecting too much, and was pleasantly surprised.
It's a very entertaining small crime film with interesting characters, excellent portrayals, writing that's breezy without being glib, and a good pace.
It looks good too, in a funky way.
Apparently people either like this movie or just hate it, and I'm one who liked it.
Ching Siu Tung's and Tsui Hark's A Chinese Ghost Story, aside from being one of the greatest wuxia pian films ever made, is a beautiful and romantic love story as well as an impressively choreographed martial arts film that should belong in every film lover's collection.
The sorely missed Hong Kong superstar Leslie Cheung plays a traveling tax collector who spends the night at a haunted temple.
While staying at the temple, he meets a colorful cast of characters that include the swordsmen Yin (Wu Ma) and Hsiao Hou, the Tree Devil, and the beautiful ghost Lit Sin Seen, played by the lovely Joey Wong.To free her from the clutches of the evil Tree Devil, he must reincarnate her body and travel to the underworld to defeat an even more powerful demon.Enough good things can't be said about this film.
The pacing is perfect, with a great combination of romance, action, fantasy and humor, and the feverishly paced finale should leave you with little chance to breathe.
The chemistry between the wonderfully tragic Joey Wong and Leslie Cheung (whose legendary career ended much too soon) really allows the viewer to feel for both of them.
Indeed the acting on the whole is so vivacious and full of life, I would say this is one of the most fun viewing experiences I've ever had.
Much of the credit goes to Wu Ma in his portrayal of the mysterious Swordsman Yin.
His over-the-top persona of a disillusioned swordsman hell bent on vanquishing evil leads to some great moments of humor and traditional HK drama.
A wonderful score, lush cinematography with eye popping colors, and frenetic action pieces courtesy of Ching Siu Tung round out this wonderful film.
Find a copy anywhere you can.
10/10
Man, I really love the new DVD that Universal put out.
I've never seen THE SENTINEL look this good since I had to put up with crappy, grainy VHS tapes for years.
Unfortunately there are no extras beyond a trailer that looks pretty worse for wear.
And AVOID the Goodtimes DVD at all costs.
It sucks.Anyway, troubled fashion model Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) moves into haunted NYC brownstone, only it's more than just haunted.
It's also a portal to hell and the Vatican keeps an old blind priest (John Carradine) to keep watch over it and make sure the devils and arch-angels don't escape.
This has an all star cast full of old-timey actors like Ava Gardner, Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer etc... as well as cameos of upcoming 80s stars including Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum (who's voice was mysteriously overdubbed) and Tom Berenger.
And you won't even recognize Jerry Orbach from LAW & ORDER.
I had to do a double-take when I didn't quite place where I'd seen him before.Nice gore scenes of Alison slicing the eye and nose off her dead father's rotting corpse that's been possessed by the devil.
And there's a neat ending where disfigured, deformed people try to haunt Alison into committing suicide so she won't be the next one to guard the portal.
It seems Alison's troubled past makes her a prime candidate by the Vatican to become the next sentinel.An excellent, creepy 70s classic from director Michael Winner that shouldn't be missed.
I also recommended it for those who want something a little more imaginative beyond the usual stupid teenager slashers and horror comedy.7 out of 10-
I suppose I always felt that Hotel du Nord was studio-bound, the movement of people cars and camera were just too effortlessly smooth and stagey to have been filmed on location.
But no problem - it's still a much underrated lovely composition from Marcel Carne.
The plot seems a bit choppy at times, as if they were making it up as they went along, but because it is unpredictable holds the attention to the bitter end.
The money shots when the 2 lovers are alone in their room are saddled with some rather stilted dialogue, but it's all so lovely to fall into any inanity can be accepted.
Are these 2 young people symbols of a cancerous hopelessness in pre-War France or simply idiots?
Suicide pacts are fairly common; if the suicidees are young and healthy with their lives before them untrammelled would you think anything other than that they were just misguided fools?Arletty played the part of prostitute well - she kept that zipper on her dress busy throughout anyway!
I've only seen a few films with Jouvet - he is the most impressive invention as pimp in HDN - my trouble is shallow: every time I see his face I think of Sonnie Hale in Evergreen!A remarkably atmospheric, well acted and photographed film with so much happening it needs a few viewings to get it all in place.
Annabella and Aumont made an exceptionally beautiful couple; Francois (Heurtebise) Perier in his 2nd film had a small amusing part as a gay man.
All in all: wonderful.
Unfortunately many consumers who write reviews for IMDb equate low budget with not good.
Whatever else this movie might need, more budget really isn't part of it.
Big sets and lots of special effects would have turned it into another Lara Croft movie.
What we have here is a step or two better than that.The nearly unknown Alexandra Staden is captivating as the enigmatic Modesty, and this is crucial for this movie to work.
Her wise little smiles and knowing looks are formidable, and you find yourself wishing that the camera won't leaver her face.
It makes it workable that the bad guy Nikolai, played by also little known (in the U.S. at least) Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau might take an unusually cerebral interest in her, something Modesty can exploit.
She is able to divert his raping her with just a shove and spitting out "stop wasting my time!"
then storming off between his heavily armed yet suddenly diffident henchmen.
Making a scene like that plausible doesn't happen by accident.Probably the biggest problem I have with the rail-thin Staden playing Modesty is it just isn't very believable for her to go hand to hand with an athletic and muscled looking guy like Coaster-Waldau and beat him.
She just ain't a Peta Wilson or a pumped-up Hilary Swank type actress who can throw a convincing punch.
Coaster-Waldau letting himself be overpowered by Staden looks like he's just roughhousing with his little sister.Since this is not really an action film, this isn't a big flaw.
I just hope they do better on that if and when they make sequels.
Having heard of Modesty Blaise before, but never having read a novel or a comic strip, my wife and I liked the film a lot.
It delivered, in a captivating way, a good introduction to the character and her background.Although it has some action flick elements, it is much more an intimate play, excellently written.
Sadly, this is also, where a major drawback of the movie is revealed.
An intimate play lives on the capabilities of its actors and unfortunately only half of the cast delivered.
While Alexandra Staden did an excellent job as Modesty Blaise, her counterpart Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau - as the villain Miklos - did not.
Smiling his way through the plot as if it is an extend toothpaste commercial, he fails to build up an atmosphere of anxiety that would have made the movie a masterpiece.
The supporting cast is somehow similar, from some stereotyped gangsters and sluts to decent performances from Fred Pearson as Professor Lob and Eugenia Yuan as Irina.
Filmed by MGM on the same sets as the English version, but in German, Garbo's second portrayal of "Anna Christie" benefited from practice and her apparent ease with German dialog.
Garbo appears more relaxed and natural under Jacques Feyder's direction than under Clarence Brown's, and her silent movie mannerisms have all but disappeared, which made her transition to sound complete.
The strength she brought to the character remains here, although it has been softened, and Garbo reveals more of Anna's vulnerability.
The entire cast, with the exception of Garbo, is different from the previous version of the film, and Garbo benefits from not having to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene she was in during the English-language version.
In Feyder's film, Garbo holds the center of attention throughout, although the three supporting players, particularly the father, gave excellent performances.Feyder's direction was more assured than Clarence Brown's, and his use of the camera and editing techniques did not seem as constrained by the new sound process as did those of Brown.
The film moves with more fluidity than the English language adaptation, and the static nature of the first film has been replaced with a flow that maintains viewer interest.
Even William Daniels cinematography seems improved over his filming of the Brown version.
He captured Garbo's luminescence and the atmospherics of the docks with style.
Also, the screenplay adaptation for the European audience made Anna's profession quite clear from the start, and the explicitness clarifies for viewers who were unfamiliar with the play as to what was only implied in the Brown filming.
However, the film was made before the Production Code was introduced, which made the censorship puzzling.Garbo's Oscar nomination for "Anna Christie" was always somewhat mystifying, and I suspected that the nod was given more in recognition of her relatively smooth transition to sound films than for her performance.
However, some of the Academy voters may have seen the German-language version of the film, and they realized, as will contemporary viewers, that her "Anna Christie" under Feyder's direction was definitely Oscar worthy.
OK, so I don't watch too many horror movies - and the reason is films like 'Dark Remains'.
I caught this on (a surprisingly feature-filled) DVD and it scared me silly.
In fact the only extra I think the DVD was missing was a pair of new pants.However, the next day I was telling someone about it when I realised I'd only really seen about 10% of it.
The rest of the time I'd been watching the pizza on my coffee table - nervous that my girlfriend would catch me if I actually covered my eyes.
The few times I DID brave watching the screen I jumped so hard that I decided not to look up again.The film-making is solid and the characters' situation was really compelling.
The simplicity of the film is what really captured my jump-button - it's merely a woodland, a cabin and a disused jail - and a LOT of darkness.
Most surprising to me was the fact that while this was clearly not a multi-million dollar production, the make-up effects really looked like it was!
Also, it's obvious this is a film made by someone with a great love of film-making.
The sound design and the music really made use of my surround system like many Hollywood movies have never done.
I noticed on-line that this film won the LA Shriekfest - a really major achievement, and I guess that the festival had seen the filmmakers' clear talent - and probably a great deal more of this movie than I managed to.Turn up the sound, turn off the lights, and, if you want to keep your girlfriend - order a pizza.
Although Lang's version is more famous,Borzage's work is not devoid of interest ,far from it:its "celestial" sequences are even better.The metaphor of the train (perhaps borrowed from the ending of Abel Gance's "la roue" ) is eventually more convincing than the "up above" heavenly world.Borzage's tenderness for his characters shows in Marie's character and love beyond the grave is one of his favorite subjects (the ending of "three comrades" ).The amusement park seems to be everywhere: we see it even when we are in Marie's poor house.I do not think that the sets are that much cheesy,they are stylized to a fault.The fair from a distance almost gives a sci-fi feel to the movie.Borzage never forgets his social concerns: in the heavenly train going up,the Rich cannot stand to be mixed up with the riffraff but as "chief magistrate" tells :"here there's no more difference" .Not a major work for Borzage (neither is Lang's version),but to seek out if you are interested in the great director's career.
I didn't know the real events when I sat down to watch this, just the fact that this was based upon a true story.
After the death of the kid's father, Rhonda tries to help her daughter Desiree(...
I did not know anyone actually named their offspring that) cope with the loss.
This is really made for children, as is often the case with "family" flicks(with that said, go ahead and get everyone together for a viewing, though I'd keep teenagers out of it, unless you're sure they're gonna buy the concept), but it doesn't downplay the sting that the death of a parent is, and it doesn't really talk down to anyone.
The plot is sufficiently interesting, and moves along well enough.
Acting varies, with the excellent Burstyn outshining most of her fellow cast, Mathis following that pretty well, and Ferland and her peers(with a few exceptions) being the least convincing of the bunch(and frankly, they're irritating; then again, I'm not really in the intended audience for this thing).
The editing and cinematography are standard, and certainly not less than that.
While humor is limited to a handful of amusing lines or so, the tone is not an unpleasant one.
There is an intense scene or two in this.
I recommend this to fans of these types of movies.
7/10
Normally, I don't watch action movies because of the fact that they are usually all pretty similar.
This movie did have many stereotypical action movie scenes, but the characters and the originality of the film's premise made it much easier to watch.
David Duchovny bended his normal acting approach, which was great to see.
Angelina Jolie, of course, was beautiful and did great acting.
Great cast all together.
A must see for people bored with the same old action movie.
"Bread" very sharply skewers the conventions of horror movies in general and "Night of the Living Dead" in specific and is constantly inventive.
The production values are a little rough at times (it's a student film, after all), but it never loses sight of its goal to entertain.
Hey -- George Romero liked it enough to include it on the remastered "Dead" video tape, laserdisc and DVD... that should tell you something.
this movie has a great message,a impressive cast, ellen burstyn, samantha mathis, jodelle ferland( was 4 years old when she made this movie) ellen burstyn and jodelle ferland have both been nominated for best actress in a tv drama at the up-coming emmy awards in new york, peter masterson-director- has been nominated best director tv drama at the emmy awards also.
april 1, 2001, jodelle ferland 'Won', best actress in a tv drama, at the young artist awards, in studio city, ca.
i can see why they have 3 nominations.
mermaid is a true story, during the cridits they have the real family on the set, something you don't see often.
you can find mermaid at all blockbuster video stores.
do watch it,you'll be glad you did.
A warm, touching movie that has a fantasy-like quality.Ellen Burstyn is, as always, superb.Samantha Mathis has given many great performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.Most of all, you've got to see this amazing 5-yr. old, Jodelle Ferland.
I was so captivated by her presence, I had to buy the movie so I could watch her again and again.
She is a miracle of God's creation.Judging by the high IMDB rating, I'm not the only one who was mesmerized by this young actress.
For a first film in a proposed series it achieves the right balance.
It is done with style and class showing Modesty's early days as a refugee and the start of her rise to power in the criminal world.
I think it is a very honest/true portrayal of her character exactly as the writer Peter O'Donnell intended.
Alexandra Staden as Modesty is stunningly beautiful and an excellent choice.
She acts very convincingly as the tough survivor with an exterior of cool/intelligent/innocence.
And full marks to Tarantino for choosing an unknown actress for the role - much more believeable to have a new face creating the part.
I'm looking forward to the next film.
It helps immensely if one is familiar with the culture and time period in which this film takes place.
First of all, these ladies are NOT geisha, they are oiran (prostitutes)in the Yoshiwara-type "green houses", circa 1860, give or take..
This should help clear up some details which may be confusing to the unaware.
The film deals with issues of loyalty, love and, perhaps most importantly, how people deal with adversity, both their own and that of others in their immediate environment.
That plus the outrageous photography together with the hauntingly beautiful music, make for a lovely ride.
Just plug it in, suspend your disbelief and enter their world.
You won't be disappointed.
Minor SpoilersAlison Parker (Cristina Raines) is a successful top model, living with the lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) in his apartment.
She tried to commit suicide twice in the past: the first time, when she was a teenager and saw her father cheating her mother with two women in her home, and then when Michael's wife died.
Since then, she left Christ and the Catholic Church behind.
Alison wants to live alone in her own apartment and with the help of the real state agent Miss Logan (Ava Gardner), she finds a wonderful furnished old apartment in Brooklyn Heights for a reasonable rental.
She sees a weird man in the window in the last floor of the building, and Miss Logan informs that he is Father Francis Matthew Halloran (John Carradine), a blinded priest who lives alone supported by the Catholic Church.
Alison moves to her new place, and once there, she receives a visitor: her neighbor Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith) welcomes her and introduces the new neighbors to her.
Then, he invites Alison to his cat Jezebel's birthday party in the night.
On the next day, weird things happen with Alison in her apartment and with her health.
Alison looks for Miss Logan and is informed that she lives alone with the priest in the building.
A further investigation shows that all the persons she knew in the party were dead criminals.
Frightened with the situation, Alison embraces Christ again, while Michael investigates the creepy events.
Alison realizes that she is living in the gateway to hell.
Although underrated in IMDb User Rating, 'The Sentinel' is one of the best horror movies ever.
I have seen this film at least six times, being the first time in the 70's, in the movie theater.
In 07 September 2002, I bought the imported DVD and saw it again.
Yesterday I saw this movie once more.
Even after so many years, this film is still terrific.
The creepy and lurid story frightens even in the present days.
The cast is a constellation of stars and starlets.
You can see many actors and actresses, who became famous, in the beginning of career.
Fans of horror movie certainly worships 'The Sentinel', and I am one of them.
My vote is nine.Title (Brazil): 'A Sentinela dos Malditos' ('The Sentinel of the Damned')Obs.
: On 02 September 2007, I saw this movie again.
The movie was a long awaited release, which where a bit disappointing because of the expectation's I had set up.
When looking at it again I must say it is actually pretty OK. First of all is it very true to the original history (of course not completely) and is as such only made to keep the right for the movie.
Modesty's history as a child is shown and is very true to the original.
The acting is perhaps not the best around and the plot is a bit thin, but when you compare it to the 1966 Vitti movie is way better just because it is not trying to be a musical.
Generally would I only recommend it to fans of Modesty Blaise or to someone who by catch it on the TV.
What are the odds of a "Mermaid" helium balloon traveling from Yuba City, Ca.
(on Nov 8th,1993) and landing 4 Days later,(on Nov. 12) in MERMAID, Prince Edward Island, Canada.(Approx.
4000 miles).
This is a great movie.
It is based on a true story.
This movie helps not only children cope with losses, but older people as well.
Hope everyone will enjoy it!!!
Rhonda
"Hotel du Nord " is the only Carné movie from the 1936-1946 era which has dialogs not written by Jacques Prévert,but by Henri Jeanson.Janson was much more interested in the Jouvet/Arletty couple than in the pair of lovers,Annabella/Aumont.The latter is rather bland ,and their story recalls oddly the Edith Piaf's song "les amants d'un jour",except that the chanteuse's tale is a tragic one.What's fascinating today is this popular little world ,the canal Saint-Martin settings.This movie is dear to the French movies buffs for another very special reason.The pimp Jouvet tells his protégée Raymonde he wants a change of air(atmosphère) Because she does not understand the meaning of the world atmosphère,the whore Raymonde (wonderful Arletty)thinks it's an insult and she delivers this line,that is ,undeniably,the most famous of the whole French cinéma:In French :"Atmosphère?Atmosphère?Est-ce que j'ai une gueule d'atmosphère?"
Translation attempt:"Atmosphere?atmosphere?Have I got an atmosphere face?
This is our French "Nobody's perfect".
Joan Fontaine here is entirely convincing as an amoral beauty who is entirely incapable of feeling love for anyone but herself.
Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all his money through a combination of his foolhardiness and her extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a tiny room, with little or no prospects.
They continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing were wrong.
He is a charming, feckless, but wholly amiable fellow.
However, Fontaine decides he has to go, as he has outlived his usefulness.
So she resolves to poison him when she realizes he does not want to divorce her, so that she can move on.
She has meanwhile had a lover (Patric Knowles) whom she decides to drop because he is not rich either.
She meets the aging Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all the trimmings and more money than even Fontaine could figure out how to spend.
She targets him and decides he will do nicely.
He is all too eager to be eaten up by the young beauty.
He certainly isn't very exciting, and has about as much sex appeal as yesterday's omelette.
But Fontaine is one of those gals who has eyes only for money, and the man standing between her and it is transparent, so that she doesn't even notice or care what he looks like, she looks through him and sees what she really wants and goes for it.
She proceeds to poison her husband, and dispatches him very neatly and satisfactorily, so that everything is going well.
But as always happens in the movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things begin to go wrong, and the tension rises appreciably, so that Fontaine begins to sweat.
Fontaine is particularly good at looking wicked and terrified, and as the net begins to close in on her, her rising sense of desperation is palpable and has us on the edges of our seats.
Hysteria and fear take over from cool calculation and cunning.
But she finds a fall guy for her crime in the person of her cast off lover, who is an innocent victim of her scheme to set him up.
He is condemned to death for murder, because the husband's death by poison came to light unexpectedly.
But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, playing a grimly determined Scotland yard inspector, thinks there may be something amiss, and begins to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine.
He closes in on her, and some of the scenes as this happens are inspired portrayals of the wildest panic.
But will the innocent man's life be saved before he is executed?
Will Fontaine worm her way out of this one?
Will Herbert Marshall protect her to safeguard his infatuation?
This film is expertly directed by Sam Wood, and the film is a really superb suspense thriller which I suppose qualifies very well for the description of a superior film noir.
Contrary to some people's summaries, the women depicted in the film are not geisha.
They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts, and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women.
I can't say the stories were particularly enlightening, but their charm lies in just how typical they are.
The themes are universal and everyday: love, friendship, and sacrifice.I did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting.
I felt like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse.
The actors, especially the 4 women who played the main oiran, were a thrill to watch.
I'd only recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture, or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories.
It's a great example of both.
Although I was in this movie playing the part of Sheriff Hodges, it still managed to make me jump in several places and believe me I'm NOT that easy.
You might say that I'm biased about the film, and, OK, I am, but I didn't see the finished product until 12/27/2006 and was extremely pleased.
I'm not a Horror film fan as such but love the old "B" movies and black and white Sci Fi films.
This movie will make you "think" you know when something is going to happen, then it doesn't, then it does.
It will keep you completely off balance.
I would suggest watching the movie first then the director's notes and special features.
It is so well written, directed and filmed and I can tell you personally that it was a real joy to work with this cast and crew.
I sincerely hope to be part of Brian and Laurence's future projects.
'Umi wa miteita' ('The Sea is Watching') was Akira Kurasawa's swansong to film: his adaptation of his favored novelist Shugoro Yamamoto's story into a screenplay he intended to film was his final mark he left on a brilliant career.
Director Kei Kumai pays homage to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting this visually stunning transformation of word to image.Set in 19th century Japan, the story explores the lives of the women of a Geisha house whose sole purpose in life is to earn money by pleasuring men.
The house is run by an older couple who are genteel and the geishas are an enchanting group of women who know their trade and take pride in their careers.
Each has a reason for turning to the life of geisha.
Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family who live in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has customers both good and evil whom she manages to sustain with her stories of her higher caste.
Oshin befriends an endangered samurai, falls in love with the gentle fellow, only to find that he must not marry out of his caste and leaves his pleasures with Oshin to marry his promised betrothed.
Oshin's heart bruises easily but is always supported emotionally and physically/monetarily by Kikuno and the other geishas.A handsome samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops the first trusted and devoted relationship with her.
Kikuno is beset by problems, deciding whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wishes to marry her, and coping with a rich but abusive customer.
All the while the sea is watching and as a typhoon destroys the geisha house and street, Oshin and Kikuno sit atop the roof waiting for the promised rescue by Ryosuke.
The manner in which the story ends is one of sacrifice, love, and devotion.
The sea is watching and will find protection for true love.The photography by Kazuo Okuhara is breathtakingly beautiful: night scenes with glowing lanterns and colorful geisha interiors are matched with recurring glimpses of the sea both calm and turbulent.
The acting is a bit strained for Edo art, but the characters are well created and keep the story credible.
The one distraction which is definitely NOT something Kurosawa would have condoned is the tacky Western music score that sounds like cheap soap opera filler except for the isolated moments when real Japanese music on authentic instruments graces the track.
But in the end there is enough of Kurosawa's influence to imbue this film with his brand of dreamlike wonder that will always maintain his importance on world cinema.
Grady Harp
While the main story is supposed to take place in Morocco, this movie was shot in foggy Romania in 18 days on a very tight budget.
However broken their cards may be, the actors and the crew play them with remarkable skill and commitment, so that in the end I found the result both touching and graceful.
Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau provides a formidable performance as the bad guy.
The script and direction provide some gems.
Whether you will like the movie or not, however, will probably depend on your take on Alexandra Staden in the title role.
Other reviewers have pointed out Staden's inadequacies as Modesty Blaise.
They may have a point, but I found her interpretation delightful and very fitting.
Modesty manages to overcome terrible odds through discipline, innate talent and courage.
Staden appears to be doing the same here.
Seven Pounds stars Will Smith as Ben Thomas, an IRS collection agent who has an ulterior motive for meeting those who have gotten behind on their tax payments.
Thomas caused the deaths of seven people whilst driving talking on his phone and the movie follows his attempt to try and atone for his, quite frankly, unforgivable crime.The story line is as subtle as a brick through a green house window.
What you see is exactly what is happening - even the ending of Titanic was more surprising when compared to Seven Pounds.
There is absolutely no twist whatsoever, there is never any confusion or doubt as to what is happening.Normally I only like Will Smith when is in full Bad Boys mode.
The guy is at his best when sporting a gun, driving a Ford GT and saying "Aw Hell Nah" as whenever he tries to act serious it only comes across as a pathetic attempt at trying to gain an Oscar which he is so obviously is desperate for.
This is probably the main reason why I wasn't looking forward to the movie, although here he is very understated.
There are flashes of comedy but they are subtle, in fact it was the most understated Will Smith performance I have ever seen and for that reason alone he was fantastic and ironically should be nominated for a major award.The supporting cast were all grand too - Rosario Dawson looked pretty much at deaths door the whole film and Woody Harrelson and Barry Pepper were fine as where all the other bit players.Overall it is a weepy - but it isn't throwing all the usual clichés and sentimental violins to give you no other choice but to cry.
There were a few times that even my hardened heart nearly broke.
You will be hard pressed not to find one of the situations that does not relate to your own life which makes it seem all the more real.I would give it 8/10.
The Will Smith show moves onto drama without all the desperation of The Pursuit of Happiness and comes of all the better for it.
This made-for-TV film is a brilliant one.
This is probably the best and favourite role by BAFTA winning John Thaw (Kavanagh Q.C.
and Inspector Morse).
Tom Oakley (Thaw) widowed man has lived in a village alone for a while since his wife and son died, and now he has been landed with an evacuee called Willaim Beech (Nick Robinson).
As he gets to know this child he starts to develop a friendship.
Until Willaim's Mum (Annabelle Apsion) wants him back.
After Tom gets worried about William not contacting him he goes to London to find him.
In the end Willaim gets his home with a loving family (or Dad).
Set during the Second World War this is an excellent film.
It was nominated the BAFTA Lew Grade Award, and it won the National Television Award for Most Popular Drama.
John Thaw was number 3 on TV's 50 Greatest Stars.
Very good!
A wonderful and gritty war film that focuses on the inner torment of blinded marine Al Schmid.
Although it is tough and unpleasant it IS in the end heroic - Schmid's triumph over disability and depression.
The battle scene was superb.
But one bone to pick.
No matter how many .50 bullets they fired I never saw any water or dirt being kicked up by the impacts!
It hurt the realism, but I can live with it.
Fine performance by Eleanor Parker, again, as his girl friend.
On this 4th of July weekend it's heartening to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the film "War, Inc." Just as our founding fathers gave the back of their collective hand to King George III, this film exposes in hilarious fashion the craven war-profiteering by the current crop of capitalistic creeps who are intent on indecently privatizing the government, to include privatizing war itself.The cast in this satire absolutely shines.
John Cusack is wonderful as a droll, conflicted corporate assassin, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is superb as his love interest.
(My gosh, "George Costanza" was right.
Marisa Tomei is so attractive!)
But it is John's sister Joan Cusack who really steals the film.
Her portrayal of a bossy, yet simultaneously sycophantic, personal assistant is priceless, and more than once I just couldn't stop laughing at the brilliance of her performance.
She not only possesses fantastic comic timing, her face is as expressive as one could ever wish for in an actor.
Dan Ackroyd, too, has a short, but very effective, cameo in the film as the head of the company which is running the war, the Tamerlane Corporation.
Sitting on a "throne" with his pants down around his ankles, Ackroyd even looks like the arse clown who currently occupies one of our real thrones of power.
You won't have to think too hard to recognize that person.
Much of this movie was filmed in Bulgaria, which is why we are able to see so much real military equipment.
(You just know that the US military would never have cooperated in making this satiric expose of war-profiteering.)
I especially enjoyed the character of "Omar Sharif" as played by the Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov.
In one scene in which he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei he has a couple of lines that could summarize our entire foreign policy attitude toward the foreign leaders we install - and uninstall - in power.Naturally, this film won't appeal to everyone.
If you believe that the on-going privatization of our foreign policy, the military, intelligence collection and analysis, prisons and the corrections system, public health, and a myriad of other government services is a good thing you may not find much to like in this film.
If you believe, however, that destroying people and countries in order to add to some corporation's bottom line is an abomination I think you'll find much to appreciate in this film.
Nothing could be more in keeping with the Spirit of Independence that heaping well-deserved ridicule on corrupt powers that be.
I've bought certain films on disc even though the second rate presentation wasn't an option.
A certain company I won't identify here has put out several pan and scan dvds ("Clean and Sober", "Star 80", and this one, to name just three!)
of films I don't think anyone wants to see in this compromised format.
Some discs give the viewer a choice of 16x9 or full screen and others are just in their theatrical release 1.66:1 ratio.That off my chest, I'll say "Deathtrap" was a spooky and oddly enough, amusing picture.
My only complaints are the tinny score (what IS that f____g instrument that is usually dragged out for films set in 18th century France?)
and Dyan Cannon screaming at regular intervals.
Couldn't her character have been an asthmatic who grabbed for an inhaler when she was stressed?
Minor complaints, both.
The benefits of discs include being able to fast forward to get beyond those things which you don't like.I never saw a staged version of "Deathtrap", so having these folks in the roles sets a great impression of their careers at the time.
Before Broadway tickets cost an arm and a leg, the theatre was more affordable to average people.
Now, anyone paying less than a king's ransom to get live entertainment probably isn't going to a hit show on the great hyped way.Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve were both large, virile specimens in the early 80s and that's integral to how we'll react to their profession and overall image here.
They're definitely not bookish men who can't fight or will back down from an obstacle.
The two are equally great as their criminal stubbornness becomes their ultimate "deathtrap".
A new creative team emerged in 1950 when brilliant actor James Stewart teamed with the equally-brilliant director Anthony Mann to make a series of westerns that helped define that genre for the future.
Until that time Stewart was mainly noted for an aw..aw..aw approach to family oriented comedies, dramas, and romances.
Not that he wasn't already a multi-talented Hollywood star.
One of his best screen performances ever and one of the best for anyone on celluloid was as Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandal rag in "The Philadelphia Story."
He had even done westerns before.
His portrayal of gun shy yet expert shot Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in the comedy western "Destry Rides Again" helped make that film a classic.
But to most movie goers he was the all-American boyscout type Mr. Smith or George Bailey.
Seldom was there a dark side to any of the characters he played.
Anthony Mann was associated with B flicks in the film noir mode.
"Raw Deal," "Side Street," and "T-Men" caught the eye of James Stewart.
So the two gifted men combined their resources to produce some of the greatest Hollywood westerns ever made.
"Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best but the others were almost as effective.
Mann became a successful director of A films as a result going on to direct what some critics believe to be the greatest western of them all Gary Cooper's "Man of the West."
Stewart became fabulously wealthy as a result of the partnership because he signed for part of the royalties in return for a fraction of the salary he was usually paid, a wise move indeed followed by many other actors from then on.Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, maybe the first, to tell a story from the standpoint of a traveling gun.
Each owner is part of the tale being told and it all comes together in the exciting showdown at the end of the movie, which also holds a surprise for the viewer.
Based on a story by Stuart Lake, the tale centers on revenge and the ownership of the Winchester '73.
The year is 1876.
Custer and his 7th cavalry have been annihilated by the Sioux and Cheyenne at Little Big Horn.
The whites want revenge.
The native Americans want their land and their way of life back.
This conflict leads to a confrontation between native Americas led by Young Bull (young Rock Hudson showing his potential as an actor) and a small cavalry group pinned down in a canyon and joined by civilians Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and life-long pal High Spade ( the underrated actor Millard Mitchell), and a couple trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a soiled dove with a kind heart.
Among the horse soldiers are newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best (late of the "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part is cut short by a bullet.Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876.
The movie has him as head marshal.
The fine actor Will Geer (later of the Waltons) looks like an older Earp.
In reality Wyatt was assistant Marshal in Dodge at the time just cutting his teeth on being a lawman.
Lin McAdam wins the Winchester in a shooting contest, but has it taken from him not long afterward by outlaw Dutch Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his henchmen.
McAdam and High Spade are after both Dutch Henry and the Winchester for the remainder of the movie.
An even more sinister character emerges along the way, Waco Johnnie Dean, played as evil personified by Dan Duryea who threatens to steal the show from the other members of a stellar cast.The Winchester passes through several hands during the course of the film, each time the transfer is intense.
One involves a gunrunner played to perfection by John McIntire.
Other swaps are intermingled with the scenario above.
All this plus the action keeps the viewer glued to the seat throughout the entire show.As noted above, the cast is first rate down to the smallest role.
Look for other familiar faces in uncredited parts, including the future sheriff of "Bonanza" Ray Teal and B western reliable Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
This is not a movie you watch for entertainment, at least most people I know would not.It's portraits the cruelty to both body and mind that happen in a war pretty well, the characters seem plausible, especially because you "read their minds", something more often found in books and rarely in movies, however done very well in this piece.
I would place it next to "All quiet on the western front" and "Die Brücke" in terms of leaving a lasting impression.I wish I could screen it at school, along with the other two movies - however finding a copy of it showed to be pretty hard - which is a shame.
Carlos Mencia was excellent this is hour special.
He was working hard to show everybody he was the real deal.
I know people have said he's stolen material in this special, but that is not true.
Carlos brings comedy up front the way he wants it, not how anyone else wants it, that is why he is so good.
People say he's not funny because he says Dee dee dee too much, and they still haven't realized thats part of his act, and they don't want it that way, but he brings it like that anyway, and succeeds in making people laugh.
For all the haters out there, here is a message, Carlos is here to stay, you have no point in trying to bring him down.
Textbook example of an underestimated movie.Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time and still see something new in it, it's still regarded as just another funny picture.
And although the movie has inspired many and added it's quotes and images to the pyche of all it's viewers, Moon Over Parador still hasn't received the acclaim it should.
Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia, to mention one, is not able to change this perception.But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he can't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion: this stuff is timeless!
In fifty years we will have the proof.
This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge.
I found the first 10 minutes a bit slow, but after that, the movie is absolutely perfect in describing professional bridge players and how they go about earning a living.
Some of the scenes are very funny.
I don't think that a non-bridge player would get the charm of this movie.
Some of the dresses are really beautiful, pity the movie is in black and white - I can only imagine what they would look like in color.
The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious.
There is no way on earth bridge will ever be like that.
Watch it as soon as you can, and tell your friends about it.
Reed Hadley makes a better foppish Don Diego than he does a dashing and daring Zorro, but that's almost beside the point because this serial features the bar-none best theme song of any serial, ever -- and the best version of Yakima Canutt's famous stagecoach stunt.
There are other good stunts, and lots of action, and plenty of hair-raising cliff-hanger chapter endings, but if for no other reason, you must see this film to watch the stagecoach stunt, then re-watch it in slow motion.
It is incredible, and, despite the lower budget for this chapter play, Yak turns in a better take on the stunt here than he did in the far more celebrated film "Stagecoach."
Indiana Jones, eat your heart out: This is the real deal!
This is a modest, character driven comedy, filmed in Brazil on a low budget.
The premise is familiar, the same as in the 1950's Danny Kaye movie **On the Double**: someone who, as a joke, does an impression of a Famous Person then is dragooned to impersonate the Person for real.The contrast between the two leads is highly effective.
Raul Julia as the German-Paradorian secret policeman, is tall, cool, menacing and Latin.
He sports a deliberately obvious blond dye job.
Richard Dreyfus, animated, short, New York Jewish, is funny and sympathetic.
There are many references and inside jokes about show business.The setting is clearly modeled on Paraguay.
Paraguay was indeed ruled from the early fifties to the late eighties by Gen. Alfredo Stroessner, an unelected military dictator whose father had emigrated from Germany.
But writer/director Mazurszky reveals his ignorance of local conditions when he paints Parador/Paraguay as a typical Latin American tyranny, with huge disparities in wealth and an active guerrilla insurgency.
Further in this vein, Mazursky casts comic Jonathan Winters as an American retiree who in truth is C.I.A.
station chief in Parador and a figure so powerful that he can give the president of the country a profanity-laced chewing out.
In fact the U.S. has little influence in Paraguay, which is largely without the social and racial tensions seen elsewhere in the region.
This is due to the country's having fought long and costly wars against much larger neighbors in the 19th and 20th centuries.
The male population was nearly wiped out both times but the society that emerged was patriotic, racially homogeneous and strongly united.
On yet another level, there is a bow to feminism in the form of the character Madonna.
Played by Brazilian actress Sonia Braga, Madonna is a former nightclub dancer who is the body-stockinged presidential pleasure girl at the film's start but is seen on television as president herself at the end--now politically and cosmetically correct, no makeup, hair demurely pulled back, swept to office by a velvet revolution.The one time that such an event actually happened in Latin America, the administration of Argentina's Isabel Peron (not the beloved Evita, who never held office) lasted two years after the death of her husband, legendary **supremo** Juan Peron.
Featuring a fascinating performance by Will Smith and a story that tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, "Seven Pounds" races past the director's previous collaboration with the actor (The Pursuit of Happiness), a flick which I also loved.
Remember Gabriele Muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile.
Too bad I figured out Will Smith's scheme early on, I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease.However, I still think the writer/director made the right choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith's and Dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith's character could have a divine gift, and I understand why: his performance is almost angelic when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely.
It's quite a versatile performance.Lastly I can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite stunningly done in terms of cinematography paired with music.
Put this on your list.
Very heart warming and uplifting movie.
Outstanding performance by Alisan Porter (Curly Sue).
I saw this movie when it was first released and enjoyed it immensely.
I just caught it again on the Mplex channel, and Curly Sue touched my heart again.
Being from the Philadelphia suburbs and extremely interested in local history, this film provides an excellent vintage view of Philadelphia in the 1940s.
There are scenes of downtown, a train station that no longer exists, 30th Street Station--which still does exist, as well as scenes from the Northeast part of the city.
Good shots of the old row-homes as they appeared then.
The movie gets a bit "chatty" at times - causing the viewer to briefly lose interest...but the overall storyline is solid and very moving.
Anyone who enjoyed this movie should also try to see the film "Bright Victory", also with local footage of the Valley Forge Army Hospital in Phoenixville, PA - and scenes from downtown Phoenixville.
The Army Hospital has since become a college campus.
Neither of these films are out on any format and I can't imagine why.
I have them both on VHS from home recording, as shown on TCM in recent years.
I highly recommend them to any other history buffs out there from my area!
Robert Jannuci,Luca Venantini, Venantino Venantini, Alicia Moro (two stars are from CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD (I wonder what Luca is doing these days, probably a lawyer or something, like Bela Lugosi Jr. or David Hennessey there kid from dark shadows who wants to forget dark shadows existed).
Anyway, in the Thorn EMI video there's no music over the opening credits .
.
.
but the music is great once it comes in .
.
.
with the Italian movies the films aren't as good as the music .
.
.
my favorite scene is with the boy with the robot arm following loner-Alien through the desert.
Alien says why are you following me.
Tommy answers because i feel like it .
.
.
Alien replies which way are you headed Tommy says West then Alien says well, I'm going east.
So after a while of walking, the theme playing in the background Alien looks up and sees Tommy sitting on a rock petting a pet hamster .
.
.
tommy looks up and says to Alien, what took you so long .
.
.
I love this movie .
.
.
It touches my heart.
The boy with the robot arm needs a daddy and Alien is drafted in to being Tommy's daddy in the desert .
.
.
oh yeah, they need water too .
.
.
not THE ROAD WARRIOR (MAD MAX 2) by any means but a silly western/post nuke movie with a boy with a robot arm and Alien and Trash and a few other good guys with a mean chick with an iron claw and CRAZY BULL who looks like Wez in the Road warrior .
.
.on Sunday afternoons on channel 57 (philadelphia, PA) after church i'd come home and find this on .
.
.
often .
.
.
too often.
Love it.
10/10
I saw the trailer for this movie in the 70's when I was barely 16 while viewing another film.
Oh!!!!
how excited me and my best friend were.
we couldn't wait for the month or so until it would come on.
I saw this movie 17 times that year at the theatre.
I love,love,love it.
Kris is so perfect for the film.
He is brash and kinda trashy but also shy and uncertain with Babs and it is so endearing to watch it again.
When they sing evergreen at the studio and he chimes in with his raspy voice so very different from the perfect notes coming from her but I always thought this was one of the best scenes in the movie.
The way he looks at her and he is so proud.I could watch this movie every day.
We tried to dress like est-her I even have the long sweater and cap that was so like the one she wore.
this came on TV on time and I got my daughters to watch it they were teens and they loved it to.
Maybe its just that I was so caught up into it at an age when everything was extreme don't know.
The ending always has me in tears even today.
As serials go "Zorro's Fighting Legion" is one of the best action serials of the 1930s.
Made in a period when the studios could still field a large cast, this one has wall to wall action throughout its 12 chapters.In 1824 the President of the newly formed Republic of Mexico Benito Juarez (Carleton Young) is trying to put his new country on a solid financial footing.
To that end, he has arranged to have rich gold shipments forwarded to the capitol from the local San Mendolita mine.Members of the local council plot to steal the shipments on behalf of Don-del-Oro a gold armored god, who with the aid of the local Yaqui tribe, hopes to install himself as the ruler of Mexico.
Opposing him is Don Francisco (Guy D'Ennery) who forms a legion of locals to aid Juarez.
When Don Franciso is murdered by Don-del-Oro's men, a stranger, the fopish Don Diego (Reed Hadley) arrives in town.
Diego aka Zorro takes over the legion with the help of his friends Ramon (William Corson) and Juan (Budd Buster).
The token heroine of the piece is Ramon's sister Volita (Sheila D'Arcy).Both Diego and Ramon hold seats on the local ruling Counsil.
It soon becomes apparent that some of the other members of the Council are in league with Don-del-Oro.
First there is the Chairman of the Council (Leander de Cordova), the head of the militia Manuel (John Merton), Chief Justice Pablo (C. Montague Shaw) and Gonzolez (Edmund Cobb).
Zorro suspects that one of these men is Don-del-Oro, but which one?What follows are several hair raising escapes by Zorro and his confederates from the followers of Don-del-Oro.
We have the ever present collapsing rope bridge, the deep chasm between two cliffs over which only Zorro can jump to safety, and the usual assortment of explosions, fires and coaches and wagons crashing or going over the cliff.
Hats off here to Republic's fine team of stunt men lead by the legendary Yakima Canutt and the Yrigoyens, Bill and Joe.
Canutt performs his signature stunt jumping on a team of runaway horses and then falling beneath the coach which he repeated in other films including John Ford's "Stagecoach" the same year.Anyway, Zorro finally unmasks the false god Don-del-Oro and restores peace to the valley before riding off into the sunset in Chapter 12.Others in the cast include Jim Pierce, Curley Dresden and Charlie King as Don-del-Oro's hence men and if you look closely you may spot bits by future serial star and Lone Ranger Clayton Moore and stuntman Canutt in bits.
"Big" Jim Pierce by the way, may be best remembered for playing Tarzan in 1927's "Tarzan and the Golden Liom" (1927) and for his marriage to Joan Burroughs the daughter of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs.Thoroughly enjoyable.
Although she is little known today, Deanna Durbin was one of the most popular stars of the 1930s, a pretty teenager with a perky personality and a much-admired operatic singing voice.
This 1937 was her first major film, and it proved a box-office bonanza for beleaguered Universal Studios.THREE SMART GIRLS concerns three daughters of a divorced couple who rush to their long-unseen father when their still-faithful mother reveals he may soon remarry--with the firm intention of undermining his gold-digger girlfriend and returning him to their mother.
Although the story is slight, the script is witty and the expert cast plays it with a neat screwball touch.
Durbin has a pleasing voice and appealing personality, and such enjoyable character actors as Charles Winninger, Alice Brady, Lucile Watson, and Mischa Auer round out the cast.
A an ultra-light amusement for fans of 1930s film.Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
This is probably one of Brian De Palma's best known movies but it isn't his best.
Body Double, The Fury and Carrie are better movies but this movie is better than Blow Out and Obsession.
De Palma is very influenced by Hitchcock and this movie is a take off on Psycho.
Angie Dickinson is a bored housewife who is thinking of having an affair and after her psychiatrist, played by Michael Caine, turns down an offer, Dickinson meets a man in a art gallery and she winds up sleeping with him.
After this point it's best you don't know what happens but there is a murder and Nancy Allen is a call girl who gets a look at the killer.
Dennis Franz is the detective on the case who really doesn't trust Allen and she has to find the killer herself.
It's a pretty good movie but isn't one of De Palma's best.
The plot of this film might not be extraordinary, but what makes the film really special, are its characters (and the actors who play them  of course!).
I won't go into the details of the plot of the movie, but I would certainly like to say this  This film is not just for everyone!
The film is really witty and you need to be equally clever to get all the satire.
If you're not alert even for a second, you'll probably end up missing one of the subtle points.
The movie is full of such seemingly trivial but witty stuff - like the announcements going on in the background at Turaqistan, the advertisements on the tankers (which I almost missed) and it are these that make the movie hilarious throughout.Coming to the actors, John Cusack has played his multi-faceted role very efficiently (what with him being the co-writer and the producer too) and he plays his character  Hauser, the killer with a heart  exquisitely.
Cusack's done a similar kind of role before in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comic disposition in the movie is simply superb.However the actress who steals all the show is Hilary Duff!
I have always been a huge fan of Ms. Duff.
But to be honest I was a bit disappointed when I heard about the kind of role she's playing in the movie.
But after watching the movie the disappointment gave way to great respect for her as an actor.
Let's face it!
The kid's growing, but yes, so is her talent!
All those critics, who shouted hoarse that Hilary cannot act, will be silent for a while.
Hilary had to play a really complex character  tough on the outside, yet a sweet child on the inside  and she's done complete justice to it.
She makes you laugh, and she makes you cry  to cut the long story short ('cause I could go on raving about her for ever) she's BRILLIANT!
Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack have done a good job too.
Especially, Joan's hysterics are uproarious!
However, I was rather disappointed with Ben Kingsley being wasted in such a small role and his performance seemed lackluster.In general War, Inc. keeps you on your toes throughout with its intelligent humor, and ends with just the right amount of twists in the plot.
I would highly recommend this movie to all (and more so to Hilary Duff fans)!!!
P.S.
- I am really glad to hear the movie is going to break free of its limited release and release at other places soon!!
!
How can the viewer rating for this movie be just 5.4?!
Just the lovely young Alisan Porter should automatically start you at 6 when you decide your rating.
James Belushi is good in this too, his first good serious role, I hadn't liked him in anything but About Last Night until this.
He was pretty good in Gang Related with Tupac also.
Kelly Lynch, you gotta love her.
Well, I do.
I'm only wondering what happened to Miss Porter?i gave Curly Sue a 7
Sometimes I watch a movie and am really impressed by it  and still it is not easy to explain why I liked it that much.
This is mostly true for the uncommon movies  the ones one can hardly compare with the rest out there.
Goodnight Mister Tom is one of these special movies.
There is a lot of emotion in that movie  and the acting was so good that while watching the movie, I was crying and laughing as the story went on.
The young Nick Robinson  is a young boy (William) evacuated from London because of the air strikes there during the Second World War.
Mr. Tom played by John Thaw is an old man leaving in the village the evacuated children were send to.At first Tom refuses to take any responsibilities - such as taking care for a troubled young lad  but accepts since he is left without a choice.
During the stay Mr. Tom discovers how horrible the life has been for the William  alongside his luggage his mom sent a belt and written instructions to the host of her son  not to hesitate to use it.
This belt is berried in the field  never to be used in such a brutal manner.
Mr. Tom provides a real home for William, and the boy is happy with his new life, he goes to school, makes new friends and discovers hidden talents.
All of the sudden a letter William is called home in London with a letter mentioning that she is not feeling welland it starts all over again  only this time it gets much worse There are many feelings you can sense in this movie  love, fear, sadness, happiness, pain, hope  and much more.
Goodnight Mr. Tom is another masterpiece of the British cinema comparable only with others such as Dear Frankie and Billy Elliot  if one is to compare.
I have truly enjoyed watching it and highly recommend it.
Before finishing this review I would also like to mention the great performance of Thomas Orange in the role of Zac  reminded me of a friend of mine from my own childhood ( :
This Chinese movie made me feel so many similarities with members of a culture I don't belong and are far from.
In an almost Buddhist approach, the film helps one to relate to each character, and to the happiness of doing the simple routine things.
All actors are brilliant, and Xu Hzu exudes kindness and wisdom, yet also vulnerable and mean.
Er Min, the retarded brother, shows us that intelligence and wisdom are not equal, and that wisdom comes to and from the most disparate persons in this universe.
A different China, this is far from the Chinese realism, yet, it has lots of humanity and realism of a different kind.Get it.
You won't be disappointed.
I have never commented on a film before.
I watched this movie with my girlfriend last night.
I've read comments saying this movie stays with you.
It does.
It's been almost 24 hours and I am still completely affected.
This movie left me questioning my own self.
How can I possibly compare myself to a character such as Ben who is totally selfless.
I loved this movie.
I love movies that keep me guessing and wondering until the end.
I feel two emotions predominantly, happiness and sadness.
An amazing feel good movie and a very sad one too.
I so wanted Ben and Emily to be together, but in the end, they were, forever.
If you haven't seen this movie, get it and watch it.
Just make sure you have no distractions.
You'll want to see every nuance in this picture.
One for my library.
Definitely at the top five of best John Garfield movies has to be Pride of the Marines.
It's the true story of Marine private Al Schmid who at the cost of his own sight, while wounded held off a horde of storming Japanese on Guadalcanal.
The story nicely segments in three parts, Al Schmid's home life where he's a simple working stiff who's just getting serious with a woman and who likes nothing better than his bowling night.
Pearl Harbor is bombed and he's off to war as millions of others were.The second part is at Guadalcanal and we see part of the action where he's in an isolated machine gun nest, holding off Japanese troops.
His action prevented Marine positions from being overrun, but a grenade does in his eyesight.And of course the third part is his painful adjustment to civilian life and to reassure himself that people aren't just caring for him out of pity, most of all that girl he was seeing Eleanor Parker.This film was broadcast on TCM on John Garfield's 95th birthday and there was a documentary on Garfield hosted by his daughter.
One of the people interviewed said that Garfield was the actor most believable in working class roles in having and holding a union card.
In that respect he was lucky in that he did land with Warner Brothers in Hollywood.
Though he kept getting typecast in gangster roles in the tradition of that studio, Garfield was terrific in these parts because of his background, because he came from the kind of life Al Schmid had, with the exception of Garfield's Jewish background.In that respect he was perfect to play the part of a working class hero like Al Schmid who accepted the responsibility of defending his country.
No super heroics here, just a guy who'd rather have been back in Philadelphia, but doing a job that had to be done.It's a great part for Garfield.
It's a film one shouldn't miss.
I do wonder though whatever happened to the real Al Schmid.
I thought this movie was a lot better than most movie critics are giving it credit for.
Though it has its confusing parts of the plot, it doesn't greatly interfere with your understanding of the movie.
That being said, If you're not open to more liberal political ideas, then this probably isn't the movie for you.
I thought all the actors in the movie were outstanding.
Each character has their funny moments and the audience at the Tribeca Film Festival was laughing throughout the whole thing.
I thought the satire was a tad over the top in one particular area, but that's intentionally done.
John Cusack is right in that although it's set in the future, it really makes you see the present.
I absolutely love this show, but I saw the second episode first.
After watching the first episode I could see why people were turned off at first.
The first episode's humor is not the best, and they struggle to properly start the series.
However, I still like the light and humorous attitude of the show.
The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters.
As a first episode, it really doesn't accurately represent the rest of the show which is really quite good.
The episode is not bad by any means, but as the show progresses it becomes better and better, so watch more episodes before passing any judgement on the quality of the show.
You can call it a mystery, perhaps a small thriller, or an intelligent film.The story takes you through the life of one person who has lost his life and is looking to regain it.I have to say I was quite surprised that I truly did enjoy this film.
It is not usually the genre I care for however the characters quickly became people to me and I wanted to know what they were about and what was going to happen to them.Just like many french films over English made, we are able to learn much more about the character and the affect of their surroundings on their person.
This film is character driven and will not disappoint!
For a low budget project, the Film was a success.
The story is interesting, and the actors were convincing.
Eva Longoria, who now stars on the TV Show "Dragnet," is sexier than ever.
The locations were ideal for the ganster plot, and the director shows his talent by taking on many roles for his project.
Of course this low budget film could use better editing transitions and more special effects for the gun scenes, but the music keeps this script moving.
Although this film has it's share of problems, such as continuity, I must say that I would rent the director's next movie.
If your a film student, you could learn a few things from the director's commentary.
War Inc. is a funny but strange film.
The actors are likable, the film is likable also, but I don't know how to describe the plot.
I will go into the plot later on.
This is a movie with some weird casting choices.
Besides John Cusack as a hit-man, which we saw years ago in Grosse Point blank which I liked.
Here we have Hilary Duff playing a Russian pop star named Yonica Babyya or something like that.
Her character is odd.
There is a scene where she sticks a scorpion down her pants.
And hits on Hauser(Cusack).
There is a twist in the end involving the two characters.
It makes sense.That is the only casting choice I am going into.
Cause it just plain strange.
The whole movie is strange.
But at times incredibly funny and I was never bored.
Here we have some of the best actors out there.
Excluding Miss Duff.
She ain't great.
But here we have John Cusack, Marisa Tomeii, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley.
See what I mean?This is the story of a hit-man named Hauser(Cusack).
He is sent down to some Middle Eastern city to put a hit on an oil man named Omar Sheriif(not the actor).
While trying to deal with his own personal problems, he has to help out the wedding of a popstar(played by Hilary Duff).
And he falls in love with a news reporter(played by Marisa Tomeii).
There is a thing about the popstar though.
Hauser is disgusted by her.
There is a scene where she is singing a song to him and afterwards he throws up.The twist in the end of the film reveals kind of why.
The thing about the twist is that I did kind of see it coming.
But that doesn't matter.
This is a strange, funny, and entertaining comedy.
I love most of the actors.
So really, how could I not recommend it?War,Inc.
:3.5/5
No Strings Attached features Carlos Mencia doing stand-up that makes us both laugh and think.
Not only does he poke fun at racial issues (like many haters claim), but he also talks about the best way to get illegal immigrants out of the country...what women mean when they say they want to be treated equally...why Americans are crazier than Arab terrorists...why nobody needs to pray for the pope - and what he hopes he's doing in heaven...a theory of how Easter (aka Big Ups to Jesus Day) traditions got started...his viewing of the movie Passion of the Christ - and his sub-sequential argument with a woman about whether or not he's affected by Jesus...how society should treat the physically handicapped...and even if you have the right to tell a joke or not.Also, he never stops reminding us that each of us has a voice.
So we should use it to speak the truth, say what we think, and not be afraid if others are offended.Carlos is the bomb.
I found about the movie "Holes" by hearing from people that it wasn't typical Disney, that both kids and adults both got into the story.
Folks, let me tell you I wasn't disappointed.
"Holes" is based on the novel by Louis Sachar and follows the adventure of Stanley Yelnats, a boy who gets sent to a strange juvenile detention camp out in the desert.
He befriends a boy nicknamed Zero and together they set out on adventure that changes their lives.
It was a very interesting, unique, different and funny story.
I didn't know quite what to expect when I watched it.
It was interesting to see the story come together like pieces of a puzzle.
The boys who played the juvenile delinquents were all very funny and Jon Voight was just hilarious as Mr. Sir.
Now that I've seen the movie, I have to read the book.
Most recommended!
Dressed to Kill (1980) is a mystery horror film from Brian De Palma and it really works.The atmosphere is right there.The atmosphere that makes you scared.And isn't that what a horror film is supposed to do.All the actors are in the right places.Michael Caine is perfect as Dr. Robert Elliott, the shrink with a little secret.Angie Dickinson as Kate Miller, the sexually frustrated mature woman is terrific.Keith Gordon as her son Peter is brilliant.Nancy Allen as Liz Blake the call girl is fantastic.Dennis Franz does his typical detective role.His Detective Marino is one of the most colorful in this movie.There are plenty of creepy scenes in this movie.The elevator scene is one of them.There have been made comparisons between this and Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho (1960).There are some similarities between these two movies.Both of these movies may cause some sleepless nights.
New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway.
TV reviewers poke fun at Caine, and he gets drunk.
Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk, instead of his residence in East Hampton.
Finally arriving home, Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient.
There, Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called "Deathtrap", written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford "Cliff" Anderson), one of Caine's former students.
The couple believe Mr. Reeve's "Deathtrap" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.
"The Trap Is Set For A Wickedly Funny Who'll-Do-It."
Directed by Sidney Lumet, Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit doesn't stray too far from its stage origin.
The cast is enjoyable and the story's twists are still engrossing.
One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage.
"Deathtrap" is a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead on - but, in hindsight, the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling "Hello."
The location isn't really East Hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar.
And, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid.
But, the play was so good, "even a gifted director couldn't ruin it."
And, Mr. Lumet doesn't disappoint.
******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth
There have been a lot of Zorro films made over the decades, but it's a shame that one of the best is probably one of the least seen.Zorro's Fighting Legion is a bit different from other Zorro films.
First off, it's a Republic serial in 12 chapters.
And this time, Zorro is not played by a top studio star like Douglas Fairbanks, Tyrone Power or Antonio Banderas but instead by workman-like actor Reed Hadley.
While Hadley does not cast as strong a presence over the proceedings as those other, he does an adequate job, helped by the fact that he is not the sole hero here; as the title implies, he has a fighting legion to call upon.Another big difference is that the setting isn't California.
The story here take place in central Mexico in 1824 where a man posing as a living god incites the indigenous Indian population and a band of outlaws to aid him in his plan to overthrow the newly established Mexican Republic.
Something, Zorro, and a handful of followers plan to do anything they can to stop.Don't get me wrong, there is at least one incredibly cheesy moment per episode, from corny "twang" bow sound effects to ludicrous acting.
But overall, this represents one of the best Republic serials of all time, and probably the best Zorro one.The plot is stronger than most serials and never becomes incomprehensible or meandering., and there's lots of great action - fans of the Indiana Jones movies will notice MANY bits borrowed from this serial.
THE BRAIN THAT WOULDN'T DIE was considered so distasteful in 1959 that several cuts and the passage of three years was required before it was released in 1962.
Today it is difficult to imagine how anyone could have taken the thing seriously even in 1959; the thing is both lurid and lewd, but it is also incredibly ludicrous in a profoundly bumptious sort of way.The story, of course, concerns a doctor who is an eager experimenter in transplanting limbs--and when his girl friend is killed in a car crash he rushes her head to his secret lab.
With the aid of a few telephone cords, a couple of clamps, and what looks very like a shallow baking pan, he brings her head back to life.
But is she grateful?
Not hardly.
In fact, she seems mightily ticked off about the whole thing, particularly when it transpires that the doctor plans to attach her head to another body.As it happens, the doctor is picky about this new body: he wants one built for speed, and he takes to cruising disconcerted women on city sidewalks, haunting strip joints, visiting body beautiful contests, and hunting down cheesecake models in search of endowments that will raise his eyebrow.
But back at the lab, the head has developed a chemically-induced psychic link with another one of the doctor's experiments, this one so hideous that it is kept locked out of sight in a handy laboratory closet.
Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and malicious lab assistance, wreck revenge upon the doctor, and save the woman whose body he hankers for?
Could be!
Leading man Jason Evers plays the roguish doctor as if he's been given a massive dose of Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, the unhappy head, screeches and cackles in spite of the fact that she has no lungs and maybe not even any vocal chords.
Busty babes gyrate to incredibly tawdry music, actors make irrational character changes from line to line, the dialogue is even more nonsensical than the plot, and you'll need a calculator to add up the continuity goofs.
On the whole THE BRAIN THAT WOULDN'T DIE comes off as even more unintentionally funny than an Ed Wood movie.Director Joseph Green actually manages to keep the whole thing moving at pretty good clip, and looking at the film today it is easy to pick out scenes that influenced later directors, who no doubt saw the thing when they were young and impressionable and never quite got over it.
The cuts made before the film went into release are forever lost, but the cuts made for television have been restored in the Alpha release, and while the film and sound quality aren't particularly great it's just as well to recall that they probably weren't all that good to begin with.Now, this is one of those movies that you'll either find incredibly dull or wildly hilarious, depending on your point of view, so it is very hard to give a recommendation.
But I'll say this: if your tastes run to the likes of Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you need to snap this one up and now!
Four stars for its cheesy-bizarreness alone!
GFT, Amazon Reviewer
This movie answers the question, how does a relationship survive when your girlfriend is codependent, clinging, needy, jealous .. and has powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal women?Without spoiling the movie, I can safely assure you it does not, but there's great fun to be had along the way.
Uma Thurman is perfect as the mercurial super-heroine, an uber-babe, mysteriously named G-Girl, who unlike most in her sisterhood, is not *always* dedicated to truth, justice, and the American Way.
Thurman is also believable as the thoroughly daft, yet somehow still fetching, curator Jenny.
When she is dumped for a less endowed but more emotionally secure and well adjusted rival, G-Girl goes ballistic, and what follows is not pretty.
It's funny, but it's not pretty ..It's a delightful premise, hell hath no fury like a super-heroine scorned, and those involved don't altogether carry it off, but it has its moments, and I think I'll get the DVD.I liked this movie ..
Xizao is a rare little movie.
It is simple and undemanding, and at the same time so rewarding in emotion and joy.
The story is simple, and the theme of old and new clashing is wonderfully introduced in the first scenes.
This theme is the essence of the movie, but it would have fallen flat if it wasn't for the magnificent characters and the actors portraying them.The aging patriarch, Master Liu, is a relic of China's pre-expansion days.
He runs a bath house in an old neighbourhood.
Every single scene set in the bath house is a source of jelaousy for us stressed out, unhappy people.
Not even hardened cynics can find any flaws in this wonderful setting.Master Liu's mentally handicapped son Er Ming is the second truly powerful character in the movie, coupled with his modern-life brother.
The interactions between these three people, and the various visitors to the bath house, are amazingly detailed and heart-felt, with some scenes packing so much emotion it's beyond almost everything seen in movies.With its regime-critical message, this movie was not only censored, but also given unreasonably small coverage.
It could be a coincidence, but when a movie of this caliber is virtually impossible to find, even on the internet(!
), you can't help getting suspicious.So help free speech and the movie world, buy, rent, copy this wonderful movie, and if you happen to own the DVD, if there even is one, then share share share!
I found this very touching as Spike and Heaton stay together all the way through this film not to say there isn't a few betrayals along the way.
I thought the chase was put aside the relationship between the two was foreground I think.
I had already guessed that there were so gay intentions on the part of Heaton.
My favourite scene had to be the bit where Heaton and Spike were stuck in the marsh and Spike runs off I generally thought Spike wasn't coming back.
I have to say that if it wasn't for our film studies teacher making us watch this I would have probably never seen it.
Overall I thought this film was pretty good and I would recommend it to any person who is a fan of British made films.
Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of memorable proportions - is about just as the title suggests: The corporations effect on War.The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) traveling to Turaqistan (not a real country, fyi) to help the American government 'get their message across' to Turaqistan's leaders.
He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will ensue with a lonely man + a hot reporter.
Somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah gets thrown in.
As Yonica is marrying one of Turaquistan's most important people (a son of the president), a subplot is created where the mercenary must watch over this star, well, somewhat.
The film starts off with a lonely Cusack in a bar; no more than fifteen seconds later, the film hooks you.
With it's amusing and intriguing insight on terrorism and politics, the film's running time blows by you.
The film has a lot more action than I expected, with the occasional scene of war, well choreographed fights and just sporadic scenes of murder.
Though the story isn't much deep, the simplicity of it all makes the film perfect for both the common man and movie critics alike.In the final act of the film, the simplicity of it all turns very hostile and jumbled.
I thought it was executed very well, but other may disagree, and I could understand why.
Twist after twist is what the ending is all about, and like most films, it is a true hit/miss situation.
Regardless, the three writers on the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser & John Cusack) did a fantastic job creating a realistic and entertaining satire on today's situation overseas.Joshua Seftel does an excellent job insuring the film's integrity; not reducing the material to the most redundant of films (which I was afraid would happen).
Seftel crafted the film as perfectly as one could: he created a vibrant atmosphere, one that is both examines harsh reality and cartoonish falsities; - contrasting them perfectly - as well as making the film feel as if you were watching it all.
Seftel really gets you involved in all of the action and it pays off completely.
No missteps here.
Hopefully, he takes on more directorial jobs, for he is one director to look out for.
I thought that Mr. Dreyfuss was perfect for his role as the actor and the dictator.
His co-star, Mr. Julia, played his role equally as perfect.
It was interesting to see how reluctant Richard Dreyfuss was in replacing the dictator against his will.
But he became more confident and comfortable with the role as time passed.
Since everything happens for a reason in life, I believe he was forced to replace the dictator because he was meant to stay there for over the year that he did.
I'm guessing that he stayed because he was supposed to see how good his life was compared to the poverty he witnessed in Parador.
I think he took too many things for granted in life and he needed to get a serious reality check by remaining in that country for as long as he did.But........... anyways........... this is why I gave this film a 7 out of 10.
FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!
I've been waiting for this film to come out for almost a year, and finally saw it at the premiere in SB.
I met a few of the actors, who were really nice and who were great in the movie.
i watched the trailer so many times that i didn't know what to expect but got totally sucked in.
the film was really beautiful to look at it and the music was good too.
i recommend it to anyone who's a ryan donowho fan, and dominique swain was good in it too.
the other actors were good also great.
I hope it comes out on DVD soon!!!!
!i first got into ryan from watching the OC and then saw him in a bunch of good indies like Imaginary Heroes.
He is great in this film, and everything that he does that's indie.
I also like Dominique but haven't seen her in as much.
Hope to see them both in more soon!!
!
I was 16 when I first saw the movie, and it has always been a HUGE favorite of mine.
Of course, you can't deny the appeal of Kristofferson in the movie - HOW FINE IS THAT MAN????????????
Sheesh.
He still is.
He's the bad boy every woman secretly wants.
His acting is flawless.
He played a drunk/druggie only the way someone who really had gone through it could - and he had - in '76 he finally got on the wagon, so it was all very real.The music is GREAT and even though in later years I thought Streisand was somewhat not the right person for him in a physical beauty sense, I think it's more a problem for male viewers than female.
Us gals are just looking at Kris - and naturally the guys are looking at the female interest - my husband cannot watch the movie b/c of her - he doesn't like her looks.
But I did make him sit through just the red Ferrari scene on the road towards the end just so he could see how well done it was - the camera work was so perfect and you were totally in the car with him with the music blasting - you should have seen it on my 50" plasma - WOW!!!!
And lastly, the transfer quality was GREAT - anamorphic widescreen and really clear with great color and very low noise except for dark areas which is normal for all film.Brought back some great memories of my mom and I loving this movie together, I bought a copy for her for Christmas.
Would have loved to watch it together with her last night.I have tried to sit through the original with Judy Garland, but I guess seeing this one first, I just can't get into the earlier era.
Watching all the concert footage in the '76 version was so much like what I was living at the time.I am working my way through the commentary by Streisand, but she seems to only talk about herself and the songs, so far she has barely even mentioned Kris or details about scenes in the movie.
Her voice sounds EXACTLY the same now as then.Check it out, if you grew up in the same era as me (born in 1960) you will love it.Wendy
I won't claim to be a fan of Ralph Bakshi, because i am not.
I have only watched 5 of his animated films so far: Coonskin, Wizards, Fritz the Cat and Lord of the Rings and finally "Fire and Ice".
What i CAN claim, is that i found "Fire and Ice" to be the most enjoyable of the lot.
It is a straightforward fantasy tale of swords and sorcery along the lines of Conan the Barbarian, but the beautiful artwork, realistic animation and lively film score effectively lends a very classic charm to this movie.Deserving first mention, is the animation itself.
I do not care what people say about rotoscoping but in my opinion Ralph Bakshi used that technique very effectively here.
I was amazed at how realistic the movements of the characters were.
The style of directing and the photo-realistic character designs made "Fire and Ice" feel more like a big budget fantasy blockbuster than a cartoon.
Sadly the level of art detail tends to get a little inconsistent, especially near the end of the movie.
Some scenes just look really flat with little to no body contour details or fabric folds and shadows on the characters.With realistic moving characters, realistic action would naturally follow.
Not only was the action well choreographed, but it was really brutal.
I would be so bold as to compare the brutality of the action to live action movies like Zack Snyder's 300.
I did notice however that though there was blood shed, the blood splatters were kept to a minimum.
Again, a great choice by the creative team that only heightens the viewing experience by not taking things too "over the top".Though i do not recognize any "big names" in the cast, the voice actors manage to deliver a satisfying performance; keeping the delivery of every line realistically subdued and only hamming it up in the case of the bad guys.Did i say bad guys??
yes i did.
Because that is exactly what the story is about, a standard good vs evil tale.
Nothing really original about the story which seems to merely be a mix of pre-existing fantasy film clichés that involve scantly clad warriors and maidens.
Anyone looking for "depth" would be sorely disappointed.
THe characters are not given much development and some of them like Nekron and Darkwolf are one dimensional at best(I did however hear rumor of some deleted scenes that explains Darkwolf's obsession with killing Nekron and his mother.
Scenes like that deserved full restoration and should have been included in the final cut to add a level of depth to the show).
In fact, i would not be surprised to find out that the whole movie was just a "tech demo" of sorts to showcase the awesome animation and art, with the story cobbled together and thrown in as an afterthought in order to pass it off as a proper "movie".A true classic of a bygone era, "Fire and Ice" really captures the blazing spirit of adventure and mysticism with its beautiful renderings of fantastic creatures and charming characters.
It is a unique vision of a world created by Ralph Bakshi and artist Frank Frazetta with a good measure of action and suspense.
Would it hold up to animated film standards of today?
Definitely not.
But i urge animation fans in general to "get off your high horse" and give this simple but beautiful film a chance to grow on you.
It is Truly a gem of the 80s worth checking out.
This is a story of the Winchester Rifle Model 1873 "The Gun That Won The West" To cowman, outlaw, peace officer or soldier, the Winchester 73 was a treasured possession.
An Indian would sell his soul to own one...Winchester 73 is the first collaboration between director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart, a duo that would go on to create a run of superior Westerns that added a new, psychological depth to the genre.
The story sees Stewart as Lin McAdam pursuing the man who killed his father.
Riding into Dodge City with his trusty friend, Johnny Williams {Millard Mitchell}, Lin runs into Dutch Henry Brown {Stephen McNally}, the man he wants.
But with Wyatt Earp {Will Geer} having taken all the guns from those entering the town, both men are unable to have the shoot-out that they are ready for.
The men instead square up in a competition to win a Winchester 73 rifle, a competition that Lin eventually wins.
But before he can leave town with the magnificent prize, Dutch ambushes him, steals the rifle and skips town fast.
As Lin sets off in hate filled pursuit of both man and rifle, the rifle will changed hands a number of times, with each time adding another dimension as the day of reckoning for all approaches.Very much a benchmark for what became known as the so-called "psychological Western", Winchester 73 is basically a story of a decent man driven to borderline insanity by an event in his past.
Tho shot in black and white {the only one of the duos Westerns that was} the landscapes are still breathtaking feasts for the eyes.
The tone is set with the opening scene as Lin and Johnny on horseback, and in silhouette, amble over a hillside as they make their way to Dodge City.
It's just the starting point that would see Mann use his vistas as a way of running concurrent with his characters emotional states.Stewart gives one of his finest and most intense performances as McAdam, proving once and for all that he was one of Americas finest and most versatile actors.
The support cast isn't too bad either.
Shelley Winters is excellent as the sole female in amongst the machismo, while Mitchell, McNally, Geer and the always great Dan Duryea add further class to proceedings.
There's even bit parts for Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson in here, tho the latter playing an Indian brave is a stretch too far.Originally the film was a project for Fritz Lang, who even had the script ready to run.
But Lang walked away from it, something that proved to be a blessing for Western fans.
For as great as a director that Lang was, with Mann directing {and with a new script from Borden Chase & Robert Richards in hands} it set the wheels in motion to alter the course of the genre.
Not only with the further efforts that Mann & Stewart produced, but also in who they influenced.
The likes of Budd Boetticher, Nicholas Ray and Sam Fuller were all taking notes, and gleefully for the Western purists, they followed suit and carried the psychological torch still further.A big hit at the box office back on release, Winchester 73 is a magnificent film that still packs a punch in the modern age.
9.5/10
John Thaw, of Inspector Morse fame, plays old Tom Oakley in this movie.
Tom lives in a tiny English village during 1939 and the start of the Second World War.
A bit of a recluse, Tom has not yet recovered from the death of his wife and son while he was serving during the First World War.
If you can imagine Inspector Morse old and retired, twice as crochety as when he was a policeman, then you've got Tom Oakley's character.Yet this heart of flint is about to melt.
London children are evacuated in advance of the blitz.
Young William (Willie) Beech is billeted with the protesting Tom.
Willie is played to good effect by Nick Robinson.This boy is in need of care with a capital C. Behind in school, still wetting the bed, and unable to read are the smallest of his problems.
He comes from a horrific background in London, with a mother who cannot cope, to put it mildly.Slowly, yet steadily, man and boy warm to each other.
Tom discovers again his ability to love and care.
And the boy learns to accept this love and caring.
See Tom and Willie building a bomb shelter at the end of their garden.
See Willie's joy at what is probably his first ever birthday party thrown by Tom.Not to give away the ending, but Willie is adopted by Tom after much struggle, and the pair begin a new life much richer for their mutual love.In this movie, Thaw and Robinson are following in a long line of movies where man meets boy and develop a mutual love.
See the late Dirk Bogarde and Jon Whiteley in "Spanish Gardener".
Or Clark Gable and Carlo Angeletti in "It Started in Naples".
Or Robert Ulrich and Kenny Vadas in "Captains Courageous".
Or Mel Gibson and Nick Stahl in "Man Without a Face".Two points of interest.
This is the only appearance of Thaw that I know of where he sings.
Only a verse of a hymn, New Jerusalem, but he does sing.Second, young Robinson also starred in a second movie featuring "Tom" in the title, "Tom's Midnight Garden", which is based on a classic children's novel.
This movie was a really great flick about something that affects us all.
I know I've personally run into this many times.
Thank goodness Will Smith has jumped onto the societal issue of text messaging while driving.
People, don't do it.
An hour and forty five minutes is not enough time for this cause.
Personally, I wanted to throw away my cell phone after the movie.
I was glad to see other people in the theater saw the message and dumped their phones with the empty bags of popcorn.
I decided to disable all text messaging on my phone and would encourage others to do the same.
If you care about your family, make them watch this vital Public Service Announcement on text messaging while driving or they could kill seven people.
Thanks for showing us the way.
There is no doubt that Halloween is by far one of the best films ever not only in its genre but also outside.I love the films creepy atmosphere like the whole it could happen here sort of situation makes it scary to think about.Also to imagine if you were ever in this situation what would you do.This is a movie that i enjoy watching highly, especially around Halloween time.John Carpenter is a very professional directer i love a lot of his other films, but there is no doubt that his best known movie is the film Halloween.Oh and if your thinking about watching the Rob Zombie remake don't.It is pure crap and a true Halloween fan would like the 1978 John Carpenter version better.Michael Myers is one of the coolest slasher killers in any film, and is a very well known one.So by all means go see this masterpiece you will really like it.
As a community theater actor who works hard at it but doesn't take acting too seriously, I'm always amused by those who treat it as Great Art.
This movie skewers the "Actor's Craft" mercilessly while dishing up a lot of good laughs.A ham actor on location for a movie bears a resemblance to the dictator.
When the dictator dies of a heart attack from too much drink and food, the actor is kidnapped and forced to play "the part of a lifetime" by the neo-Nazi head of the secret service.
He plays it to the hilt, gets the dictator's girlfriend to fall in love with him and vice versa, and turns the tables on his captors beautifully.Lots of great shtick by the leads, lots of good work by some unknown supporting actors, particularly the household staff and two members of the palace guard, and fun little cameos abound.
Sammy Davis Jr. makes light of himself, Jonathan Winters plays a semi-retired American businessman with something else going on, and Raul Julia, Sonia Braga, and above all Richard Dreyfuss are exceptional.This is a dumb movie, but it has lots of beautiful locations (in Brazil), a humorous script, and good actors doing their thing and looking like they're actually having fun and not going through the usual existential angst about what is only play-acting!
There is a story (possibly apocryphal) about an exchange between Bruce Willis and Terry Gilliam at the start of Twelve Monkeys.
Gilliam (allegedly) produced a long list (think about the aircraft one from the Fifth Element) and handed it to Butch Bruce.
It was entitled "Things Bruce Willis Does When He Acts".
It ended with a simple message saying: "please don't do any of the above in my movie".There is a fact about this movie (definitely true).
Gilliam didn't have a hand in the writing.I would contend that these two factors played a huge role in creating the extraordinary (if not commercial) success that is The Twelve Monkeys.Visually, the Twelve Monkeys is all that we have rightly come to expect from a Gilliam film.
It is also full of Gilliamesque surrealism and general (but magnificent) strangeness.
Gilliam delights in wrong-footing his audience.
Although the ending of the Twelve Monkeys will surprise no one who has sat through the first real, Gilliam borrows heavily from Kafka in the clockwork, bureaucratic relentless movement of the characters towards their fate.
It is this journey, and the character developments they undergo, which unsettles.I love Gilliam films (Brazil, in particular).
But they do all tend to suffer from the same weakness.
He seems to have so many ideas, and so much enthusiasm, that his films almost invariably end up as a tangled mess (Brazil, in particular).
I still maintain that Brazil is Gilliam's tour de force, but there's no denying that The Twelve Monkey's is a breath of fresh air in the tight-plotting department.
Style, substance and form seem to merge in a way not usually seen from the ex-Python.Whatever the truth of the rumour above, Gilliam also manages to get a first rate (and very atypical) performance out of the bald one.
Bruce is excellent in this film, as are all the cast, particularly a suitably bonkers - and very scary - Brad Pitt.It's been over a decade since this film was released.
When I watched it again, I realised that it hadn't really aged.
I had changed, of course.
And this made me look at the film with fresh eyes.
This seems to me to be a fitting tribute to a film that, partly at least, is about reflections in mirrors, altered perspectives and the absurd one-way journey through time that we all make.
A first rate film.
8/10.
Winchester '73 is a great story, and that's what I like about it.
It's not your everyday western--it uses a rifle, which passes hands from various characters--as a mechanism for telling the story about these people.
Rock Hudson plays an indian chief, Jimmy Stewart plays a great leading man with heart and strength, and Shelly Winters plays a gal who has to cope with the realities of her husband and the wild west.
It's important to note for those politically correct types--they kill a lot of indians in this movie without remorse.
By today's standards, it's still pretty violent.
But it's a great story and worth watching.
Enjoy!
You spend most of this two-hour film wondering "what's the story regarding the lead character?"
Will Smith, as a low-key "Ben Thomas" will keep you guessing.
The last 20-25 minutes is when you find out, and it's a shocker....but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed.
Until then, Smith, plays it mysterious, almost stalking people.
You know he has a good reason for doing it, but it's never really explained, once again, to keep us guessing until the end.All of it, including a on again/off again but touching romance with Rosario Dawkins ("Emily Posa") might make some viewers frustrated or wanting to quit this film.....but don't because the final long segment puts all the pieces of this puzzle together.This is a two-hour film and not the typical action-packed macho Will Smith film.
In fact, the most shocking aspect might be seeing the drawn, sad face of Smith throughout this story.
It almost doesn't even look like him in a number of shots.
He looks like he's lost weight and is sick.
Smith does a great job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.Like a good movie will often do, this film will leave you thinking long after the ending credits.
1933 seemed to be a great year for satires ("Duck Soup" for instance) and this one fits in well even though it is about the obsession with contract bridge.
The tone is like a humorous piece from The New Yorker, appropriate, since the film begins with the "Goings On About Town" page of that magazine.
The only thing odd is the casting.
Made a few years later William Powell and Myrna Loy would have been perfect.
However, after 1934, you wouldn't have had adultery handled in such a sophisticated fashion, the young and beautiful Loretta Young in some shear and slinky outfits, or a group of prostitutes listening to a bridge contest on radio.
Even if you know nothing about bridge, you may still want to check out a rare example of Hollywood satire.
well, this is an Ivan Reitman film.
with the rare exception, Ivan likes to entertain.
His films generally aren't "deep", but they are often entertaining enough.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend surprised me in that i laughed more than i thought i would.
Uma Thurman is just so grand, and i love her portrayals.
I like Luke Wilson too, and Rainn Wilson was a straight hoot.
Never taking itself seriously, the film is over the top and yet isn't very unique, nor does it go where no one has gone before.... it's a nice rent though and probably an OK date movie, especially if you have a headache and don't want to strain your brain.
It's escapist fun and there's nothing wrong with that.
When you strip away the "super-girl" stuff, you're left with a story about relationships, and relationships gone bad.
It's a boy meets girl, boy leaves girl thing.
And in the end, the characters are looking for love.
Not all of them take being "dumped" as well as they could....a slice of life with a twist.
Many reviews here explain the story and characters of 'Opening Night' in some detail so I won't do that.
I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is a wonderful affirmation of life.At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how 'easy' it was to act when she was 17, when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth.
Experience has left her emotionally fragile, wondering what her life has been for and, indeed, if she can even continue living.
A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.Almost - but not quite.
At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself ("I'm going to bury that bastard," she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage).
It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance.
He knows, however, that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle's downward path.
I believe this is truly her 'opening night' - she opens like a flower to new possibilities of life and action, she sees a way forward.
It is tremendously moving.Gena Rowlands is superb.
The film is superb.
Thank you, Mr Cassavetes, wherever you are.
A blockbuster at the time of it's original release (it was the second-highest grossing film of 1976), the third screen version of A STAR IS BORN has always divided critics and fans alike.
The film open to scathingly negative reviews, however, $5.6 million-budgeted picture went on to gross over $150 million at the box office and won an Academy Award and five Golden Globes.
It's not without some irony that Streisand's most commercially successful film would also remain her most controversial.
For every ten fans who state that STAR is Streisand's best film, there are always ten more who claim it is the weakest film in her filmography.
Although both sides have some merit to support their claims, it should still be noted that the seventies take on A STAR IS BORN remains one of the most touching and highly entertaining showbiz dramas that Hollywood ever produced.
For my money, it's the best version of the often-told tale.The film is solidly enjoyable and throughly absorbing.
Changing the setting from the old Hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry was actually a great idea, and the screenplay forges a realistic contrast between the characters' romance and their careers.
This is the main area that the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN actually surpasses it's classic predecessors.
For example, the film is especially successful when depicting the clashing personal and professional difficulties during recording sessions and the never-ending phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson's songwriting attempts.
This version of the story is also more believable in it's portrayal of the lead characters.
For example, the female leads in the two previous versions were so virtuous and self-sacrificing that they came off as saints.
On the other hand, Esther, the female lead in this version, is not only portrayed as being strong and passionate, but also flawed and conflicted.
This makes her feel more "real" than the Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland characters felt in the previous films, and makes the story that much more effective.The performances are all on target, even if some of the supporting characters aren't fleshed out enough.
If you're looking for an actress/singer who can walk the fine line between tough and vulnerable without making herself seem like a script contrivance, Streisand is definitely the girl you want.
She's one of the few film stars who can make even the most banal dialogue seem fresh and natural, and, as usual, she manages to make a strong emotional connection with the viewer.
Simply put, her Esther is a fully-realized, three-dimensional human being.
Kris Kristofferson may not get much respect now for his laid-back characterization, however, he's always interesting watch and displays a magnetic charisma here that he seldom displayed elsewhere in his career.
Kristofferson actually received rave reviews at the time from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even the NEW YORKER's usually vicious Pauline Kael.
Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give believable performances, but both have a fairly minimal amount of screen time.The film's soundtrack recording was also a massive success, hitting the #1 on Billboard's Hot 200 and selling over four million copies in the US alone.
The Streisand-composed "Evergreen" (with lyrics from Paul Williams) is unarguably one of the most gorgeous songs in contemporary pop, brought to even-further life by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance from Streisand.
The rest of the film's original songs (mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are pretty good as well, and Streisand sounds fantastic - her live solo numbers remain in the memory long after the rest of the movie has faded.
Streisand's vibrant performances bring "Woman In The Moon" and "With One More Look At You" to thrilling life, and make even sillier numbers like "Queen Bee" work far better than they have the right to.
Kristofferson's solo numbers sound somewhat tuneless, however, that may have been intentional since he is playing a singer in decline.Though naturally dated in some respects (it definitely does reflect the decade in which it was made), the seventies take on A STAR IS BORN still holds up remarkably well.
The film is well-mounted and slickly produced, the chemistry between the leads is extremely powerful and always feels genuine, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the finale that are both aching effective.
In conclusion, A STAR IS BORN is not only entertaining and moving, but it also transcends all criticism.
As of this writing John Carpenter's 'Halloween' is nearing it's 30th anniversary.
It has since spawned 7 sequels, a remake, a whole mess of imitations and every year around Halloween when they do those 'Top 10 Scariest Movies' lists it's always on there.
That's quite amazing for a film that was made on a budget of around $300,000 and featured a then almost completely unknown cast of up and coming young talent.
I could go on and on, but the big question here is: How does the film hold up today?
And all I can say to that is, fantastically!
Pros: A simple, but spooky opening credits sequence that really sets the mood.
An unforgettable and goosebump-inducing score by director/co-writer John Carpenter and Alan Howarth.
Great cinematography.
Stellar direction by Carpenter who keeps the suspense high, gets some great shots, and is careful not to show too much of his villain.
Good performances from the then mostly unknown cast.
A good sense of humor.
Michael Myers is one scary, evil guy.
A lot of eerie moments that'll stay with you.
The pace is slow, but steady and never drags.
Unlike most other slasher films, this one is more about suspense and terror than blood and a big body count.Cons: Probably not nearly as scary now as it was then.
Many of the goofs really stand out.
Final thoughts: I want to start out this section by saying this is not my favorite film in the series.
I know that's not a popular opinion, but it's really how I feel.
Despite that it truly is an important film that keeps reaching new generations of film buffs.
And just because it's been remade for a new generation doesn't mean it'll be forgotten.
No way, no how.My rating: 5/5
With a simplistic story and an engaging heroine, this was the horror movie that started it all.
John Carpenter brings to life a nail-biting nightmare on Halloween night, when Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis in her debut, career defining role) and her mischievous friends plan a night of sneaky fun- only to cross paths with a relentless psychopath from hell.
Michael Myers has escaped from a nearby insane aslyum...having slaughtered his sister fifteen years earlier, he is now back in Haddonfield, the sleepy Illinois town where his murder took place.
Once he sets his eyes on Laurie after she drops off a package to the abandoned house where he lived, he begins to stalk and terrorize her, turning her night of fun into terror as he picks off anyone in his path to get to her.Beautiful cinematography and lighting really make this moody horror flick scary... with the long gloomy shots it constantly feels as if you're being stalked by the maniacal serial killer himself.
Myers is hidden well until fully revealed at the exciting conclusion.Although "Halloween" is certainly outdated, it is by no means less chilling.
The idea alone is goose bump inducing, and this little shocker is one of the most famous and memorable horror movies ever made to this day... it spawned seven sequels and eventually Rob Zombie's equally scary remake, and it set a new standard for horror that still exists today.
OK where do i begin?...
This movie changed my life!
The plot was seamless.
James Cahill has out done himself.
Initially after a first viewing i was disappointed that i hadn't seen it on the silver screen.
However this was before exploring the DVD's many features!!!!
Oh my god Jakes Cahill's commentary of the film was almost as flawless as his acting.
he told of industry secrets used in the film that you only get with experience.I was so impressed by the other actors.
The scene where the security guard is talking to the girl in the hallway, reminded me of some of my favorite blue (pornographic) movies.
I am certainly with Gangsta when he expresses his disappointment with no sequel.I am still blown away with each viewing of the martial arts skills involved, matched only by the sign indicating the location of the library at the school... and possibly the guy playing a retard!
All in all a timeless classic and the best film to come out of Europe in years!
where my Oscars at dawn!!!!!!!!!!
!
With 'Twelve Monkeys' you need to pay attention, but if you do that you probably find a lot to appreciate.
I know I did.
The story is interesting and deals with time traveling.
A virus killed a lot of people back in 1997 and a guy named Cole (Bruce Willis) is send back to 1990 and 1996 to find a cure for the virus.
In 1990 he is arrested and put in a mental hospital.
There he meets Jeffrey Goines (Brad Pitt), who probably has something to do with the virus.
He also meets psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe) who doesn't believe him in 1990.
When Cole disappears from the mental hospital while he is chained and locked in a room and re-appears in 1996 Kathryn starts believing Cole's stories.The movie constantly plays with time.
Cole makes a phone call and leaves a message in 1996, it is picked up in the future and "they" send someone.
For Cole that someone appears only seconds after the phone call.
Things like this happen throughout the movie and therefore you must keep attention.
You could ask some questions but since you can't have an answer yourself it is better to agree with the movie.
'Twelve Monkeys' works as sci-fi, with some great images and a dark atmosphere, and it works as a thriller.
You are never certain of what will happen next and that helps the movie.
May be it has some flaws in the story, but since it is about a fictional thing like time traveling, you should accept what the movie tells us and just try to enjoy.
That was the easy part for me.
Twelve Monkeys is an insane time-travelling, action packed movie that stars Bruce Willis who plays James Cole, a man who is sent back in time to collect information about the devastating plague that ensues in November of 1996.
Unfortunately, he is sent back too far to the year 1990 where everyone believes that he is insane.This movie is thrilling and has great acting performances from Bruce Willis, Brad Pitt and Madeleine Stowe.
Twelve monkeys is one of the greatest time travelling movies that I believe anybody can enjoy.
Terry Gilliam has created a true masterpiece10/10
It took me time to really appreciate John Carpenter's Halloween.
As a kid, I remember I really enjoyed the sequels, especially The Return of Michael Myers, which I still think is the best Halloween sequel.
But I thought the first one was slow and took way too much time to get to the point­.
I watched it a couple of times recently and I know now I was wrong.
Today I truly understand this film, the meaning it has, the whole feeling of this horror masterpiece.
It's not about blood and gore.
It's not about naked chicks and lame jokes.
It's about the worst night in Laurie Strode's short life.
It's about the night his demented brother comes back home to finish what he started 15 years ago.
This movie is meant to be scary and I think it succeeds very well.
It's also one of the first slasher movies, a horror sub-genre that I always loved.
Halloween has a very dark atmosphere, creepy music and talented young actors, such as Jamie Lee Curtis in her first role.
Need I say more?
Anyone who's never seen it, horror fan or not, should do his cinematic homework right now.
Very highly recommended!
Like another reviewer said, this movie is not a heavy melodrama, but it deals with harsh realities.
A very very playful movie that does not dwell for a moment.
Some very good acting and some wonderful smiles as well.
When I was chairman of our college's coffeehouse, one of our jobs was to review groups and films for student activities.
One of the best things to come along in 1972 was Groove Tube.
The original premise was that it was being shown off-off Broadway in theaters where television monitors were being placed throughout the audience, so everyone had a great seat.
The premise was that the skits would change on a regular basis-ala Saturday Night Live, keeping the thing fresh.
They decided on making it into a film for general distribution.I believe the developers said it was the first time Chevy Chase was on film.
Watching him run naked though the woods was a howl.
Like many of the reviews before mine, it WAS Saturday Night Live before such a thing existed.
I highly recommend this vid.
I've told my 13 year old son about Koko the clown- He can't wait to get a copy!
A series of vignettes, most of them spoofing television of the 1970's, but also with some digs at the government and corporate America.
One of the longest segments, "The Dealers" is not that funny to me and I don't know what it is parodying.
Some of the others, though, are absolutely side-splitting.
I particularly enjoy the cooking show segment.
Most of the foul words I know are used in the movie, and, if you object to full frontal nudity, stay away.
Other reviewers here seem to think this is an awful film.
That's simply not true and a little unfair.The acting is of a good quality and the direction moves on with a decent fluidity.
I don't think there's anything wrong with the Tarantino-esquire way of interlocking stories together.
Perhaps its just a new tool for directors to try.
I thought it made the film much more interesting.
Perhaps a few elements of the script need tightening, but that's about the only fault I can find.
Nestor Cantillana gives a great performance as Sylvio, also Antonella Rios is stunning and worth the price of admission alone.
Of those comments here before mine, I mostly agree with Edyarb's.
The story and the script apparently had potential to be funny, but though managing at some points, in other places it failed.
You could see them wanting to make a joke, but no one in the audience laughed.
(Also agree with Edyarb's view on the end credits: leave it normal or make it cool, but not what they've done now.)
OK, that gives a more negative feeling than what I actually had watching the movie.
I enjoyed it; it was pleasant entertainment for a night and definitely didn't feel like a waste of money to get the ticket.
The best jokes are the ones that go a little bit outside of the expected and are fairly mature, like Luke Wilson's character Matt asking the super chick "P*nis or bed?"
when she told him she'd "get him a new one" after a wild night in bed, ending up breaking the bed and leaving Matt sore.I cannot, however, agree with bgs1614,who says that the film could earn an 'R' rating - there was absolutely nothing in the film to justify that.
Some sexual acts yes, but nothing explicit, only humorous, and no nudity whatsoever.
(Maybe he was at a prescreening that showed more...?)
I'd like to compare this to two recent films I went to see with no expectations whatsoever: Superman Returns and Click.
I didn't really expect anything from either one - I was a big fan of the original Superman films and the trailer for Click only showed it as a potentially chauvinistic (which I wouldn't oppose) film.
Superman surprised me with actually having me feel good(goosebumps!)
about seeing his first heroic deed, like seeing a long lost friend and feeling happy about it.
But for the rest of the story I'd rather watch My Super Ex-girlfriend, at least it offers some surprises.
Click again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes away from being a really excellent movie.
The jokes also work much better than in Ex-girlfriend, both the naughty ones and the more advanced ones.Anyway, the only reason I compared these three films is that they are the three last ones I've seen, within a very short period, and also because I went to all of these with basically no expectations at all.
I'd rank them Click, Girlfriend, Superman.
I was pretty surprised with this flick.
Even though their budjet was obviously lacking still you have to be impressed that this movie took 7 years to make and still turned out good.
The acting was pretty impressive and the story really captivated me.
My only complaint would be that the ending really was a little too abrupt for my taste.
But hey if your audience is left wanting more then this movie has succeeded.I would really recommend anyone in Hollywood to look up Antonella Ríos who is an excellent Spanish talent (something hard to find now days with all the bad novela over acting).
Antonella Ríos truly is a star on the rise.
I was never a big fan of television until I watched 24 for the first time.
I got into the series very late.
Season 5 ended before I even saw my very first episode.
It was an episode of Series 3 that was on my parents DVR (digital video recorder) box while I was house sitting for the weekend.
It took that one episode for me to be hook line and sinker into the world of Jack Bauer.
And boy was I hooked!!
I watched the next six episodes without blinking an eye.
The next day I went to Blockbuster and signed up for an unlimited month pass for twenty something dollars and needless to say it has been the greatest blockbuster money I've ever spent.
I watched the first three seasons in three weeks.
That's 72 forty minute episodes!!!
I will say that finding out what happens next is easier on DVD than waiting an entire week.
I can only imagine the anticipation of watching Season 6 week to week!!
I find it mildly torturous and cruel but I'm going to give it a try and watch it just like the rest of America!!
The DVR is set and you can bet I'll be chomping at the bit!
!
Peter O'Toole is a treat to watch in roles where the lines he speaks are good and offer a chance for him to swagger in drunken stupor.
The lovely Susannah York provides a good foil for O'Toole's dramatic presence.The film alludes to incest--without a single explicit scene--but it is able to entertain the viewer in its raucous social commentary.
Though this is not major film by any reckoning, it will be remembered for its entertaining performances.
Even York, signing the papers at the end, is a treat to watch, exuding tragedy silently.
The possible weakness here is Thompson's laid-back direction.
But the film floats because of the actors and the script.I saw the film twice over a period of 20 years--on both occasions with the name "Brotherly love".
"Country dance" is a rather farcical and inappropriate title for this movie, wherever it was released as such.
What a GREAT movie!
This is so reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60's and the 70's.
I was so pleasantly surprised, after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney's live productions crews have churned out.This movie is an absolute joy.
The child stars were just that; professional, quality actors.
I am most impressed with the quality of this movie.Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic *insert hyperbole here* running a prison camp for wayward boys.
Siobhan Fallon was wonderful as the star's mother.I won't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again, but the story is wonderful, the direction was extraordinary and the acting quality was superb!
This work reminds you what it's like to be a child, without going all sugary or being too grim.
The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted.
They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken so much from it.
While the abuse was hinted in the finished product, it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent.
It was best that way.This was an absolutely delightful movie to watch.It gets a 9/10 from...the Fiend :.
As a long-standing Barbra fan, any posting like this will be biased.
That aside, this film ranks as a classic.
It has it's flaws (emphasized in other postings), but gives a glimpse of a time (late 70s) that will never be there again, and is fascinating to watch unfold on screen.Streisand fought hard to make this movie her own.
I don't think she was ever satisfied.
But it gives her fans a new Barbra (for the time) with LIVE singing, a young fresh appearance, and some very heavy-duty acting.The story is rough, but exciting, and holds your interest throughout.
The extended one frame "finale" is hard for most non-Barbra fans to sit through, but it speaks volumes to those who admire her talent.
From start to finish, I laughed real hard throughout the whole movie.
It's amazing that "The Groove Tube" is possibly the granddaddy, yet raunchiest, of all comedic skit movies.This is the way I enjoy watching TV without being bored at flipping channels only to suffer from insomnia!
For 73 minutes, the weird, strange humor never stops!
Just think of how all this nonsense laughing can help you enjoy life easier!
It's way, WAY better than Comedy Central or any prime time show!
Do yourself a favor and trash all those soft, lame romantic comedy movies into the wastebasket!
Better yet, tell your box office manager you want "The Groove Tube" back on the big screen!
You got to go and dig those holes.
Holes only leaves troble, which makes a movie so good.
Disney has done it again.Shia LaBeouf should be nominated for Best Actor for his performance as Stanley Yelnats.
He has alredy won the Daytime Emmy for Best Actor in a Comedy Series (Even Stevens).
Holes is one of the best movies in 2003.
I'm surprised at the comments from posters stating that Jane Powell made the same type of films Deanna Durbin did.
Although they were both young sopranos whose film images were crafted by Joe Pasternak, if this film is any indication, they were almost polar opposites.While, in THREE SMART GIRLS, Durbin plays an impulsive "Little Miss Fixit," who, after some setbacks, manages to reunite her divorced parents, in its' semi-remake, THREE DARING DAUGHTERS, Jane Powell almost destroys the marriage between her screen Mom Jeanette MacDonald and new stepfather Jose Iturbi when she refuses to accept him and strong arms her younger siblings into rejecting him, too.
From the Durbin and Powell films I've seen, I'd say these disparate qualities permeate the early films of both of these talented young performers.As for Durbin's performance in THREE SMART GIRLS, I find it completely winning, and most impressive.
Although it's clear from her occasionally shrill and over-emphatic line readings in some of the more energetic scenes that this is an early film for Deanna, watching the self-confident, knowing and naturally effervescent manner in which she delivers her lines and performs overall, and the subdued and tender manner she projects the more serious scenes, you'd never guess that this was the FIRST film role of a 14 year-old girl whose prior professional experience consisted almost exclusively of two years of vocal instruction.
Given that this film, and Durbin herself, were much publicized at the time as "Universal's last chance," the production must have been an impossibly stressful situation for a film novice of any age, but you'd never know it from the ease and assurance Durbin displays on screen.
Although she's clearly still developing her acting style and demeanor before the camera (this was equally true of the early performances of much more experienced contemporaries like Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin projects an extraordinary presence and warmth on camera that is absolutely unique to her, and, even here, in her first film, she manages to remain immensely likable despite the often quick-tempered impulsiveness of her character, and though she's occasionally shrill, she never for a second projects the coy and arch qualities that afflicted many child stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed in the wake of her success.In short, like all great singing stars, Durbin was much more than just a "beautiful voice."
On the other hand, while Durbin's pure lyric soprano is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument, the most remarkable thing about it, to me, was the way she is able to project her songs, without the slightest bit of affectation or "grandnes" that afflict the singing of adult opera singers like Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in films of the periodThe film is also delightful, heavily influenced by screwball comedy, it backs Durbin up with a creme-de-la-creme of first-class screwball pros such as Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer.
The story is light and entertaining.
True, it's hardly "realistic," but why would anyone expect it to be?
If you want :"realistic" rent THE GRAPES OF WRATH or TRIUMPH OF THE WILL.
On the other hand, if you're looking for a genuine, sweet, funny and entertaining family comedy with a wonderfully, charismatic and gifted adolescent "lead," and terrific supporting players, this film won't let you down.
Another outstanding foreign film which thoroughly trounces the never-ending crop of crud emanating from Hollywood!
This is a story of life and living.
No, definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather, the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.The dynamics of all of these lives, intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse, and particularly its aged owner, are magnificent, heart touching and highly thought provoking.Sit back, relax, and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life.
There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.You will not be disappointed.
After several extremely well ratings to the point of SUPERB, I was extremely pleased with the film.
The film was dark, moving, the anger, the pain, the guilt and a very extremely convincing demon.I had initially expected to see many special effects, and like a lover's caress, it blew me away with the subtlety and the rightness of it.
Brian, I am again blown away with your artistry with the telling of the story and your care of the special effects.
You will go a long way, my friend.
I will definitely be the president of your fan club.Eric Etebari, the best actor award, was the number one choice.
You made Jr. Lopez look like a child compared to Kasadya.
:) Overall, the acting, story line, the high quality filming and awesome effects, it was fantastic.
I just wish it were longer.
I am looking forward to The Dreamless with extremely high expectations.
Of course, the original is better, but this isn't as bad as everyone says!
Yes, it is made up into 3 stories, but hey, so what?!
I thought it was quite good to be honest.
I actually liked how Anastasia changed a little when she fell in love, it shows what love can do.
The stories were not so bad either.I liked Cinderella's voice better in this too.
I have nothing against her voice in the original, but I just think it sounds better here, more nicer.
I liked her personality in this too, she had more of a backbone, yet she was still kind.So, I'll give Cinderella II:Dreams Come True a 7/10.
of watching this as a child.
Although I'll probably find it god-awful now, it was kind-of spooky stuff as I was only seven or so.
I also recall working on a Saturday-afternoon puzzle while watching it, so I wasn't really paying much attention.
However, the scene with the rolling boulders has been burnt into my mind ever since.
I've asked numerous people if they've seen this flick but to no avail.
12 years ago, one person mentioned that, possibly, he had seen it, but he thought it merely a dream; a fanciful piffle like wind.
It's no dream, my friend.
No dreaming now.
Again, I haven't seen it since then, but I can't wait to find a copy and stuff it into my VCR.
Anything that can stay embedded in my mind's eye for 23 years deserves a '10'.
"The Groove Tube" was one of only two Ken Shapiro movies, the other one being the equally zany "Modern Problems".
This one is just a full-scale parody of TV.
Aside from Shapiro - who apparently didn't do anything after "Modern Problems" - the movie also stars Chevy Chase and Henry Winkler's cousin Richard Belzer.
The three cast members (plus some other people in smaller roles) appear in various skits.
One of the funniest ones features Chase in a Geritol-spoofing commercial, in which he's describing the medicine as his wife strips, and it ends with her humping him.
There's also a pornographic news program, an irritating cooking show, and the epic tale of some drug dealers.Anyway, the whole thing's just a real hoot.
In my opinion, the three best TV-spoofing movies are this one, plus "Tunnelvision" and "Kentucky Fried Movie" (although I might also include "The Truman Show").
Really funny.I wonder what ever did become of Ken Shapiro.
where would one start a review of the film Snitch'd?
James Cahill, god rest his soul, made one of the most daring insights into the human psyche since Encino Man.
his beautiful story unravels around a drug squad cop McClure, which is a name synonymous with a character from the simpsons who also happens to be an actor!
said cop delves deep into the underworld that is high school drug taking, and discovers a gang war to rival that of Police Academy 1, and i mean the one where Jones is racially vilified by his new partner, but manages to come out with some of the funniest sounds you will EVER HEAR.Cahill's grasp of effects, both visual and aural is electrifying, the slight pause between action on screen and from the speakers adds to the drama that is snitch'd, a real gritty like underground thriller.
also, kudos to his brilliant use of makeup, such as the supremely convincing burn marks a gang member suffers in his showdown with an indoor barbecue!
YUCK!
i feel the world of film is much less from James' passing, his memory will linger on and on and on, reborn with every passing mention of his flagship production, Snitch'd.
his insightful director's commentary released a coke-hit up the nose of any discerning film goer, truly appropriate with the harsh reality that is life on the streets, captured in all the beauty of a roughneck punk knocking over a rubbish bin in a brawl.but i ask you, why did the big bosses swimming pool look so cheap?
i'll tell you why, because thats life in Santa Ana baby, its not all drive bys and hastily constructed principle's offices, oh no.
there are some folk who must infiltrate the soft, tattooed underbelly of street life in LA to kick their way through in moves that would not seem out of place at a School For Special Children's production of Double Dragon: The Play.the only qualm i have with this film, is that there was never a sequel made.
come on Steven Spielberg, come on George Lucas, come on guy that made revenge of the nerds 1 through 23, how hard could it be to step it up a notch and pay tribute to this great man, James Cahill.he discovered Eva Longoria you know.
oh yeah, that he did.Jonah
I would not hesitate to put this adaptation of 'Death Trap" in a top 5 list of the best stage-to-movie adaptations ever.
Caine and Reeves (an underrated actor who never really got a chance to do more than soggy romances and "Superman") play off each other extremely well here.
Even Dyan Cannon - who I normally don't care for - is perfectly cast in a role that exploits her annoyance value as an actress.I'm not sure that comparisons of "Deathtrap" with "Sleuth" - another brilliant stage-to-screen adaptation featuring Michael Caine - are valid, or even fair.
Yes, the two stories have a lot in common.
But "Sleuth" is as much about class warfare as the battle of wits, and the house in "Sleuth" is set is at least as much a character in the movie as the two actors - the house doesn't really have an equivalent in "Deathtrap".
And "Deathtrap" isn't so much a battle of wits as it is a pointed vignette about how people are no damned good (and never as smart as they think they are) and deserve everything they get.
I'll just say that both movies are superb examples of the genre, and well worth your time and money.
This is America, after all.
You don't have to choose!
I won't give away the twists and turns of the plot, but I don't think it matters anyway.
I've watched the DVD eight or nine times in a dozen years, and still enjoyed the chemistry and the timing and the mean, scary moments when things go "all pear shaped".
It's all done so well that the ride becomes more important than the actual destination.Anyone who likes black-hearted comedy and suspense in the Hitchcock style of film-making will probably enjoy "Deathtrap" immensely.
In the area of movies based off of screenplays from some other area (or whatever the title for that Oscar is), "Holes" has credibility.
I think it is better to have the author create the screenplay because the author is the creator of the material.
If the author can't write a screenplay to save their life, then have the author and someone fluently talented in the area of screenwriting create it.
Aside from that, this review is about "Holes".The reasons start here and a spoiler maybe found within.
(1) Louis Sachar is an excellent author and it turns that he can write a screenplay.
I watched the movie and then read the book and both didn't reek incoherence or stupidity.
Some people just have natural talents that can transcend mediums.
(2) The best performance award goes to Shia LaBeouf for his portrayal as the main character.
He "dug" himself into the role.
I wanted to see his character vindicated before the conclusion.
(3) To ratchet up the suspense a bit, Andrew Davis was brought in.
This is the man that made Harrison Ford run hard and run fast.
He also can make Steven Seagal smash some heads.
As for this film, he made Shia and the rest of the boys dig some holes.
In other words, he can make an "action-packed" movie and make it well even if "action" isn't the main genre isn't "action".
(4) My second favorite performance goes to Jon Voight as Mr. Sir.
Sometimes a goofy role brings out the best in a performer.
When Voight uttered the line "Once upon a time...", I must have laughed for half a minute because it was so funny.
He is capable of comedy and he should investigate a few more roles that let him to exercise that talent.
(5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid whenever he is given a solid script.
This is probably the second best role I have seen him in (second only to 'O Brother Where Art Thou?').
(6) I love the choice of settings for the movie.
I didn't know California was that dry or that barren.
I guess population and land area figures both can be misleading.
(7) The overall look of the movie made me want another bottle of water.
One could only imagine digging a hole in that barren area for half a day.
(8) The rest of the cast should deserve a box of Kudos bars as well.
Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were tapped because of their talents and it gelled very well.
Great cast even though it was anywhere near ensemble.
(9) I like a movie that doesn't explain anything right away.
When Stanley got clocked in the head with those baseball cleats, it made me want to see how weird the events could get and that is a key ingredient in making a good movie.
(10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY!!)
needs to make a few more of these mature juvenile films.
It was palatable for me and I am a college student.
The last mature juvenile Disney film I saw was "Something Wicked This Way Comes" and "Holes" possibly exceeds it (like the election in 2000, it's still to close to call).
Disney can make greatness if they decide to expand on this genre and keeps artistry in mind over milking a cash cow when they see it.
Ten reasons give a score of ten!All in all, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney films and probably one of the best this year (granted this movie may not be Oscar material but whoever said Oscar material is the best material?).
In terms of being a movie from a book I have read, this ranks behind "Fight Club" on my list (which is on top).
For being a film I saw in 2003, this is in the top five (somewhere behind "Mystic River").
Compared against "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel to Harry's head and brings the final death blow with a smelly sneaker to Potter's nose.
Everybody should see this movie because it both informs and entertains.
Here ends my rant!
"Shower" is an story about loyalty, about the unstoppable advance of modern world in the detriment of rather traditional and more human ways of life.
A man forced to choose between his successful career in business, his big-city life, his wife, and his retarded young brother.
The eternal doubt between what we WANT to do and what we SHOULD do.
The modern China versus the ancient one.
The public baths with its gatherings, its cricket fights versus the shopping centres and the skyscraper.
Lots of old men and women that are no longer needed.
China, one country, two systems, as Xiao Ping said ... though one of them is killing the other.
Tender, moving, full of funny moments, and of bitter-sweet ones.The sensitive ones will cry and laugh equally.
The actors are enormous, especially the one who performs the role of the retarded boy; and Yang Zhang makes a good job, easy, simple, letting the story just flow by itself.My rate: 8/10
I have seen this film only the one time about 25 years ago, and to this day I have always told people it is probably the best film I have ever seen.
Considering there was no verbal dialogue and only thought dialogue i found the film to be enthralling and I even found myself holding my breath so as not to make any sound.
I would highly recomend this film, I wish it was available on DVD.
This is a brilliant political satire.
No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.Another good film from this era, Rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.A clever plot, good acting, some big stars (John Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Marisa Tomei anyone?)
and some scenes of hilarity should have made this movie a hit.
Unfortunately, Americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.
Almost the entire film takes place in a public bathhouse in China.
There are no fancy sets, explosion or glamorous people--only fine writing, acting and direction (Hollywood, take note!
).An estranged son returns home when he believes his father is dying.
He is surprised to see that Dad looks fine and is going about running the family business as usual.
In fact, he notices that his father and his retarded brother have really forged a close and caring relationship and it soon becomes obvious that he is out of the loop!
Dad is very traditional and this visiting son is from the big city and doesn't really see the value of the old bathhouse.
How their relationship changes and where the plot goes from there is exceptional and believable.I was happy to see that not every Chinese movie is an action picture (such as those starring Jet Li or Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon), as I don't particularly care for these frenetic films.
The Shower as well as Springtime In A Small Town are two wonderful examples of good Chinese films about PEOPLE!
One of the most appealing elements of a Gilliam film is that the well-concocted visuals, the unsettling backdrops, and the manically frustrated characters are evidence of the creator's involvement.
Instead of most movies (where the filmmaker is some director-for-hire that is paid to feature a star or two), you can feel Terry Gilliam's presence through the experience.
"12 Monkeys" is evidence of Gilliam's own vision and style, as opposed to making offbeat movies for their own sake.
"12 Monkeys" is a variation on similar themes of Gilliam's repertoire:oppressive/recessive societies, the solitude of the protagonist, the frustration associated with disbelief, and parallel realms.
In this film Gilliam does a fine job of blurring lines between the two realms, using ambiguities to force the audience to believe rather than know.
This tendency for Gilliam to neglect to fill in certain gaps leads to criticisms of art-house pretentiousness.
The difference between Gilliam and artsy posers is that Gilliam's choices clearly have a purpose and all of his images have meaning.
The two nearly identical bathing scenes of Cole in the beginning are meant to draw comparisons which leave the audience unsettled.
His bald head is a mark of uniformity in the disease-ridden future world, yet makes him recognizable in the 1996 world.
The title itself is a mark of Gilliam's creativity, as it requires the majority of the story to flesh out for its meaning to be fully understood.
All in all, Gilliam's dedication to making creative films that are interesting to watch yet also require thought and interpretation from the audience.
The film has immense re-watch value, since there are subtle details and hints that can be missed upon the first viewing.
Definitely one of my favorites.
Marvelous film again dealing with the trials and tribulations of World War 11 England.
What makes this film so good is the touching of the human element.This film is definitely in the tradition of such British line classics such as "Mrs. Miniver" and "Hope and Glory."
As is the case with this film, we see the desperation of people in the time of war.The performances are outstanding here especially by the embittered John Thaw, who is assigned a child who has been evacuated from the London bombing.We soon see why this child wets his bed.
He comes from a lunatic mother who has abused him terribly.The old man takes to the child and brings happiness into his sad life.
When the child is returned to his mother, the old man goes to London and seeks him out only to find tragedy.
He literally kidnaps the boy and is able to convince a higher up that the child is better off with him than being in a boy's home.The picture is so good because it deals and builds on endearing relationships.
"Once upon a time there was a charming land called France.... People lived happily then.
The women were easy and the men indulged in their favorite pastime: war, the only recreation of kings which the people could enjoy."
The war in question was the Seven Year's War, and when it was noticed that there were more corpses of soldiers than soldiers, recruiters were sent out to replenish the ranks.
And so it was that Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), caught tumbling a farmer's daughter in a pile of hay, escapes marriage by enlisting in the Regiment d'Aquitane...but only by first believing his future as foretold by a gypsy, that he will win fame and fortune in His Majesty's uniform and will marry the King's daughter.
Alas, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy but the daughter of the regiment's recruiting sergeant.
When Fanfan charges away from the recruits, saber in hand to rescue a carriage under attack, who should be inside but the Marquise du Pompadour and...the King's daughter.
He now is convinced he will marry high, despite the extremely low-cut blouses Adeline wears.
She, in turn, will soon discover her own love for Fanfan.
We're in the middle of an irreverent movie of Fanfan's destiny, the ribald adventures of a sword-fighting scamp and rogue.
There are escapes from hangings, swordfights on tile roofs, blundering battles, romantic escapes and more joyous derring do than you can imagine.
What Fanfan lacks in polish he makes up for in irreverence and enthusiasm.
He's a quick stepping swordsman and a fast-talking lover, but with such naïve belief in his destiny and such an optimistic nature, how can we not like him?
Gerard Philipe was an iconic stage and screen actor (who Francois Truffaut disparaged constantly in the pages of Cahiers du Cinema).
He did most of his own stunts.
He was handsome, athletic, graceful and charismatic.
Men admired him and women dreamed about him.
He was dead at 36, seven years after Fanfan, of liver cancer.
All of France mourned.
Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline holds her own.
It's not those low-cut blouses that do her acting.
She's sharp, passionate, not quite innocent and no one's fool.
Fanfan la Tulipe just sings along with endless satiric action, pointed situations and good nature.
Not to mention amusing, acerbic dialogue.
After Adeline has taken steps to save Fanfan from hanging, she meets the king in his private quarters.
"Give me your pretty little hand," he says.
"But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline.
"Who asks for your heart?"
says the king, "All I ask for is a little pleasure."
"I'm a proper girl," says Adeline.
Says the king, "You owe my esteem to your merits.
You love Fanfan?
Then thank me.
My whims enable you to show the greatest proof of your love, by betraying for his sake the loyalty you have sworn him."
Now this is clever, funny stuff.
Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave gang tended to detest popular movies as mere entertainment (and they personalized their attacks).
Fanfan la Tulipe and its director, Christian-Jacques, were among their prime targets.
They probably missed the point of Fanfan, which is a very funny satire on the pointlessness of armies and war.
How much better it must have seemed to make movies of angst which only fellow cineastes could appreciate.
Thank goodness some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, outgrew this childish condescension and came to recognize that a good movie is a good movie, whether the masses like it or just the cognoscenti.
A smart person who enjoys movies can appreciate any, if the movies are well made.
Those who condescend to a movie based on its degree of popularity are as self-demeaning as those who brag they've never read Harry Potter.
Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart out.
Viva Fanfan!
When i first saw the title i was already deducing the theme of the film - it clearly wasn't a reference to British currency, so it had to be Shakespearian and about pounds of flesh - taking them, or giving them.
Will Smith's a feelgood actor, so serial killers were out.
It could only be about a man giving them, so must be about guilt somehow.
I spoilt the whole thing for myself by looking it up and knowing the story before i watched, as the beauty of the build-up is the way parts of the main character's background are drip fed to slowly illuminate the audience as to who he is and why he is doing what he is doing.Guilt is a very hard subject to do simply because it's deeply uncomfortable and sad, which is not an encouraging premise when you are hoping for a roller-coaster ride - you know its going to be unpleasant.
I wouldn't say the movie glorifies suicide; it delves into the most extreme form of self-sacrifice - martyrdom.It's also brimming with symbolism everywhere, which is a surefire tell-tale sign that the writing is cleverly thought out in great detail and driving at multiple meanings and a deep reflective nature.
The most prominent theme that struck me was that he was not only giving his heart to the girl he loves emotionally and metaphorically, but was giving it to her physically as the greatest gift he could.
Determined to die, but his plan is thwarted by falling in love - what a 2nd act complication.
Absolutely masterful.Yes it is very slow-paced, but i'm undecided as to whether it would have been better slotted into a smaller timeframe.
I didn't feel the strain and his terrible inner turmoil as much as i could have, but maybe that's just me having ruined it for myself beforehand.
Saying all that though, it is a deeply moving and original film that is an incredibly powerful and thought-provoking tragedy that deserves the awards it will inevitably get.
Saw this as previous viewer by accident, I have watched it twice now.
I thoroughly enjoyed it, no silly thought provoking messages just plain good fun entertainment, good songs, good characters and a just a feel good film Highly recommended to those of us that just like to enjoy films and not dissect them Great Fun for all the family here.
I didn't realise Rosie Alvarez is played by Vanessa Williams, she is excellent and very sultry.
The songs like One Boy and One last Kiss are really enjoyable to listen to and to tap your feet to Jason Alexander is the complete contrast to his character in Pretty Woman ans is very good.
Tyne Daley still sticks in my mind from Cagney and Lacey and her voice and accent still had that remembrance in it.
Overall I just loved it and will be looking to purchase it if it is available
This is one of those Film's/pilot that if you knew BattleStar Galactica it helps, but isn't necessary.
What makes this even more believable of a story than BSG is that this isn't something so far away in the future.
This has such a depth to it that it is quite astonishing it was not released theatrically.
The leads could not have been chosen better in such experienced & quite talented actors.
Eric Stoltz is superb as the father who will do anything to be re-united w/his daughter however real or not she is & he'll do it no matter the cost.
Paula Malcomson of "Deadwood" fame is terrific as his wife as well.
You are not sure completely of his motives whether it's love or money or both, but that is what makes this pilot even more intriguing.
I see a star in the making of Zoe played by the relative unknown Alessandra Torresani & her performance.
Esai Morales is terrific in his desire to see his loved one again & just how wrong to be even considering what he wants more than his moral objections.
I didn't think this would be a good idea when it was announced but from the pilot alone I am thrilled to see how we got to the BSG stage story.
It's great to see Adama as a child already being affected & influenced by the different sorts of Robots starting to permeate life at this stage.
I just hope that they can keep up the stories so we can figure out even more how they got the the Humanoid typed robots.
This is an almost perfect pilot & I hope they can keep up the fantastic storytelling.
Even the Visual effects are better than most of the garbage you see on the big screen.
If you haven't gotten into BSG, @ least try this & I'll bet you become a fan & will want to see how the BSG story came to be.
A brilliant Russian émigré devises the Stanislavsky' system for winning at contract bridge - which makes him and his beautiful wife the GRAND SLAM Sweethearts of America.What could have been just another silly soap opera is elevated by fine production values & excellent acting to the status of a very enjoyable little comedy.
A few unexpected touches are thrown in to keep the viewer's attention engaged - the way in which the principle cast is introduced as faces on a deck of cards; the introduction of a zany acrobat into the plot for no other reason than to enjoy a bit of lunacy; and the way in which a wide variety of different kinds of Americans are shown to be transfixed by listening to the broadcast of the concluding game.Paul Lukas & Loretta Young do very well as the Bridge Sweethearts - Lukas suave & sophisticated and Miss Young passionately loving and beautiful (even if the script keeps her puffing on a cigarette a bit too much).
They are fun to watch, even when their behavior is not always the most believable or compelling.Frank McHugh gives another good performance as a relentlessly cheerful ghost writer who adores Miss Young.
The delightful Glenda Farrell eschews her customary wisecracking persona in a small role as McHugh's ditsy gal pal.
Roscoe Karns handles the fast-talking dialogue as a brash radio announcer.
Diminutive Ferdinand Gottschalk is wonderful as a snobbish bridge expert.Movie mavens will recognize Dewey Robinson as a belligerent nightclub patron; Emma Dunn as a sob sister reporter; Paul Porcasi as the owner of the Russian nightclub; Charles Lane as a Russian waiter; and Jimmy Conlin as a kibitzer at the final bridge game - all uncredited.The film takes advantage of the fad for contract bridge which had swept across the country since its development in the 1920's.
It expects the viewer to have a basic knowledge of the intricacies of the game and makes no attempt to explain anything to the uninformed.
This is real character and story driven drama at a level that shames most of what we see on TV at the mo.I was impressed right from the start.
Don't be put off if your not a sci fi nut (like me...) This could be happening on earth, the fact that its in another galaxy just makes the show more interesting.
there are no space ships or laser guns (None yet anyway) So far I've seen up to s01 e04 and I'm gripped and wondering whats going to happen next as there are so many possibilities.The cast play there roles with pasion.
Eric stoltz is especially strong.This show really stands alone well, it doesn't matter if you watched BSG or not, in fact they are quite different.
I've read some negative reviews from sci fi geeks who expected less drama and more aliens and ray guns etc but I would say ignore them.This is a really positive start to a show.
Lets hope they don't cann it after 1 or 2 seasons like they normally do with good shows these days.
Very different topic treated in this film.
A straightforward and simple description of local Chinese customs, by looking at the daily operation of a public bath, run by the old owner and his retarded son, when older son returns home, wrongly believing his father has died.
How every man in town makes his daily visit to chat, play games, discuss personal matters and get honest advice, besides the usual spa-like therapies.
When old man dies, strong and loyal family ties make older son take charge, so public bath operation is not disrupted.
And finally, the arrival of modernization to end this way of spending relaxed hours and getting along.
The public bath has to be demolished, making place for a commercial complex to be constructed.
Seven Pounds, this was the movie where I was just convinced Will Smith is really going for the "I'm going to make you cry" films.
One thing I can give him a ton of credit for, the man can cry.
My only thing is, as moving as the story is, Will Smith has proved time and time again that he can act, so why is he taking this extremely depressing story?
But nevertheless it's still a good movie.
I do have to admit it made me cry, but I felt that the stand out performance was Rosario Dawson, I absolutely love this girl, ever since I saw her in 25th Hour with Ed Norton, I knew this girl was going to go far.
She's beautiful, charming, funny and talented, can't wait to see how much further her career is going to go.
But her and Will Smith, not so sure if they had the great chemistry that the film needed that would've made this into a great film.Two years ago Tim Thomas was in a car crash, which was caused by him using his mobile phone; seven people died: six strangers and his fiancée.
A year after the crash, and having quit his job as an aeronautical engineer, Tim donates a lung lobe to his brother, Ben, an IRS employee.
Six months later he donates part of his liver to a child services worker named Holly.
After that he begins searching for more candidates to receive donations.
He finds George, a junior hockey coach, and donates a kidney to him, and then donates bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas.
Two weeks before he dies he contacts Holly and asks if she knows anyone who deserves help.
She suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive boyfriend.
Tim moves out of his house and into a local motel taking with him his pet box jellyfish.
One night, after being beaten, Connie contacts Tim and he gives her the keys and deed to his beach house.
She takes her two children and moves in to their new home.
Having stolen his brother's credentials, and making himself known by his brother's name Ben, he checks out candidates for his two final donations.
The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat salesman who plays the piano.
Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him at work to check if he is quick to anger.
Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he is worthy.
He then contacts Emily Posa, a self-employed greeting card printer who has a heart condition and a rare blood type.
He spends time with her, weeding her garden and fixing her rare Heidelberg printer.
He begins to fall in love with her and decides that as her condition has worsened he needs to make his donation.Seven Pounds is a good film and no doubt worth a look, I would just recommend going for the rental vs. the theater.
Will Smith pulls in a good performance, but not his best, just most of the film required him crying in every scene, but the last one with him is a doozy.
But I loved the ending, it was beautiful and really made you appreciate life and to not take it for granted.
There is still good people in this world and Ben's character reminds you to value life and to give to those who are in desperate need.
Although he went a little far, but it was still a beautiful story.7/10
Time paradoxes are the devil's snare for underemployed minds.
They're fun to consider in a 'what if?'
sort of way.
Film makers and authors have dealt with this time and again in a host of films and television including 'Star Trek: First Contact', the 'Back to the Future' trilogy, 'Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure', 'Groundhog Day' and the Stargate SG1 homage, 'Window of Opportunity'.
Heinlein's 'All You Zombies' was written decades ago and yet it will still spin out people reading that short story for the first time.In the case of Terry Gilliam's excellent film, '12 Monkeys', it's hard to establish what may be continuity problems versus plot elements intended to make us re-think our conception of the film.
Repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind.Some, seeing the film for the first time, will regard Cole, played by Bruce Willis, as a schizophrenic.
Most will see Cole as a man disturbed by what Adams describes as 'the continual wrenching of experience' visited upon him by time travel.Unlike other time travel stories, '12 Monkeys' is unclear as to whether future history can be changed by manipulating events in the past.
Cole tells his psychiatrist, Railly (Madeleine Stowe), that time cannot be changed, but a phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists AFTER he has been sent back to 1996, in his own personal time-line.Even this could be construed as an event that had to happen in a single time-line universe, in order to ensure that the time-line is not altered...Cole has to die before the eyes of his younger self for fate to be realised.
If that's the case, time is like a fluid, it always finds its own level or path, irrespective of the external forces working on it.
It boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.If you can change future events that then guide the actions of those with the power to send people back in time, as we see on board the plane at the end of the film, then that means the future CAN be changed by manipulating past events...or does it?
The film has probably led to plenty of drunken brawls at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians.Bonus material on the DVD makes for very interesting viewing.
Gilliam was under more than normal pressure to bring the film in under budget, which is no particular surprise after the 'Munchausen' debacle and in light of his later attempt to film 'Don Quixote'.
I would rate the 'making of' documentary as one of the more interesting I've seen.
It certainly is no whitewash and accurately observes the difficulties and occasional conflict arising between the creative people involved.
Gilliam's description of the film as his "7½th" release, on account of the film being written by writers other than himself - and therefore, not really 'his' film' - doesn't do the film itself justice.Brad Pitt's portrayal of Goines is curiously engaging, although his character is not especially sympathetic.
Watch for his slightly wall-eyed look in one of the scenes from the asylum.
It's disturbing and distracting.Probably a coincidence, the Louis Armstrong song 'What a Wonderful World' was used at the end of both '12 Monkeys' and the final episode of the TV series of 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy'.
Both the film and the TV series also featured British actor Simon Jones.
'12 Monkeys' is a science fiction story that will entertain in the same way that the mental stimulation of a game of chess may entertain.
It's not a mindless recreation, that's for sure.
20 out of 10 This is a truly wonderful story about a wartime evacuee and a curmudgeonly carpenter Tom Oakley.
The boy (William Beech) is billeted with Tom and it is immediately apparent that he has serious issues when he wets his bed on the first night.
William is illiterate and frightened but somehow the two find solace in each others loneliness.
It transpires that William has a talent as an artist and we see Tom's talent as a choirmaster in an amusing rendition of Jerusalem.
William is befriended by Zacharias Wrench, a young Jewish lad also from London and along with both Tom and Zacharias, he finally learns to read and write and to feel a part of this small close knit community.
Just as he is settling down, William is recalled back to London by his mother, and it is here we see why he is so screwed up.
His mother is clearly mentally sick and when Tom doesn't hear from William, he travels to London to look for him.
He finally finds him holding his dead baby sister where he has been tied up in a cellar.
After a period in hospital, Tom realises he must kidnap him and take him home with him.
The climax is a bitter-sweet ending when William is told he is to be adopted by Tom, while at the same time, learning his best friend Zacharias has been killed in an air raid in London.
For me, one of the most moving scenes was when Tom was talking to a official from the Home Office.I love 'im, an' for what it's worth, I think he loves me too'.It just doesn't get better that that does it?
This delighted audiences at a number of film festivals, and it is not hard to see why.
Director Yang Zhang, with the help of some very nice work by the three principle actors, Xu Zhu as the father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as the elder son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as the irrepressible and lovable younger son, Er Ming, spins a tale that will warm the coldest heart.The film starts with a man taking a shower in an automated booth in the middle of Beijing.
He puts some money in a slot, opens the door, takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyor belt to be cleaned, steps into the shower and gets cleaned with brushes and squirts of water and soap as though he's a car at the car wash.
This is the future symbolically speaking, and the old bathhouse we will see in the next scene is the past.
Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China.Pollution?
Cultural revolution hang-over?
Industrialization blues?
No way.
What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for one another, a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men.
Yet I wonder how the Chinese government views this film.
On the one hand, it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people.
It is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied.
Yet there is the slightest sense that the good old ways are going to be replaced by something that may not be as good.
I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to just let that be as it may.
Tell a story about old men at the bathhouse where they get back rubs and massages, where they tell tall tales and reminisce about the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage cricket fights, where the Master is a spry and wise old guy and his assistant is his son, who may be retarded or autistic, but who does his job with glee and an infectious spirit of fun and good will.Enter back on the scene the older son, Da Ming, who is polished, well groomed and taciturn.
He is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother.
He represents modern China with his tie and his briefcase, his cell phone and his education.
He has only returned because he thought his father was dying.
When he sees that this is not true, he packs his bags and is set to return to his wife and his career.
But then a crisis ensues and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural, people-centered life that his father and his brother have been living.And so Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new, and does so in such a charming manner that I will not object, especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed.
One of the nice things he does that I miss in most movies is the way he dovetails the subplots within the larger story so that they are resolved before the picture ends.
The bathhouse regular who sings "O sole mio" in the bathhouse as the water showers down upon him, much to the delight of Er Ming, finds that he can't sing in public because of stage fright.
Near the end of the film he loses his stage fright and sings thanks to some inspired help from Er Ming.
And the bathhouse regular who is losing his wife because...well, he tells a tale to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason.
But Liu understands and again before the movie is over, husband and wife are reconciled.This kind of "happy ending" movie-making is unusual in today artistic and international films, or in almost any film directed at adults.
Some happy endings are so contrived as to embarrass not only their contrivers but their audiences.
And some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended.
Here however the audience is delighted.See this especially for the comedic performance by Wu Jiang whose warm effervescence overcomes any handicap his character may have.
This is one movie that will take time to get out of your head once you have seen it.
The dialogs are close to perfect, which was to be expected as it has been adapted from a play.
The actors are simply giving their best, the story is simple and attractive.
88 minutes of pure bliss!Yvan Attal is totally credible in his role, Sandrine Kiberlain is still the beautiful blonde (but not so dumb) providing as much pleasure to the eyes as to the ears, Jean-Paul Rouve is providing an excellent approximation of the total jerk (and proud to be such), and Marina Fois is the dumb friend who is always blundering when you expect it least.Thumbs up to Bernard Rapp and associates for adapting this excellent play, and all the best for future productions!I wish there were more of these in nowadays production.
If you liked it, you will also probably enjoy: "Un air de famille", and "Cuisine et dependances".
Both were written and played by the couple Bacri/Jaoui.
When I saw the Exterminators of year 3000 at first time, I had no expectations for that movie.
Although, it wasn't so bad as I was thought.
It's kind of Italian version of Roadwarrior, with cast, that is almost famous in Italy, including Venantino Venantini.
Behind the story is Elisa Briganti and Dardano Sacchetti, who are also responsible for story of Zombie flesh-eaters.
You can also see other links to Italian horror movies: Luca Venantini plays the role of Tommy, and you can see that kid in Paura nella citta dei morti viventi (City of the living dead AKA Gates of hell) as John Robbins and in Cannibal apocalypse as the role of Mary's brother.
Quite entertaining movie, with some dull parts.
I found it highly interesting that the film actually managed to bridge the gap between my own american culture and that of the originators, i.e.
chinese.
It becomes a story about values, and causes the watcher to reevaluate their own choices in life, and loyalties toward institutions.
Amazingly enough, it managed to do this in a gentle, mildly humorous manner, which only in retrospect seens threatening to one's status quo.
I enjoyed the movie, and would watch it again if I could.
This movie is based on the art of Frank Frazetta, the mythical fantasy illustrator.
Some of the characters are straight out of his paintings (the Death Dealer being the best example).
Surprisingly, the animation manages to keep the feeling of the original art.
Bakshi is well known for his heavy use of rotoscope (the technique of tracing a live action sequence) and this film is no exception.
However, since the subject of the movie is quite realistic (all characters are humans), this works pretty well.But what I really like here is the plot: for once we have a story with interesting characters and nice action sequences, a really hideous villain and a gorgeous babe.
This movie has the feeling of the best Conan comics, not surprisingly since Roy Thomas is the writer of the Marvel series of our favourite Cimmerian!
This is a far cry from the crappy live action Conan, not to speak of all the B-movie of the genre.Definitely recommended!
BSG is one of my all time favourite TV series.
I was lucky enough to start watching it as the series came to it's final season.
It was a marathon from start to finish for me and what an incredible ride it was!
As soon as I noticed the pilot on Hulu I knew exactly what I was in for just by the title - Caprica!
Although, some things don't add up when you compare both series it is still beautifully executed.
There were no mention about the holobands in Battlestar Galactica or the mention of virtual worlds but maybe I haven't got far enough into the series for them to explain why.I recommend this show to anyone who loves the universe, technology, and alternate fantasies of our world.
This show is very interesting and will have you wanting to watch more!
I haven't seen BSG, I tried to watch it once in the middle of the show but couldn't get into it.
However, I saw Caprica Rebirth yesterday I felt a little lost, so I decided to watch the Pilot today and I must say I was pleasantly surprised.
I think this is a promising show and the only side effect it had on me is that now I want to watch BSG as well.But what I really liked is that I didn't have to be a hardcore BSG fan to understand what's going on in Caprica.
From what I have read in the net, they were trying to reach the female population since BSG reached way more men, and at least in my case it worked.However, I suggest that if you are trying to watch the show do it from the beginning starting with the Pilot.
First off, this is an excellent series, though we have sort of a James Bond effect.
What I mean is that while the new Casino Royale takes place in 2006, it is chronologically the first adventure of 007, Dr. No (1962) being the second, while in Golden Eye, the first film with Pierce Brosnan, Judi Dench is referred to as the new replacement for the male "M" so how could she have been in place in the beginning before Bond became a double-0, aside from the fact that she is obviously 14 years older?
This is more or less a "poetic" license to thrill.
We need to turn our heads aside a bit if we wish to be entertained.
No, the new Star Trek movie does not have any of the primitive electronics of the original series from nearly half a century ago.
In the 1960's communicators were fantasy.
(now we call them cell phones) and there were sliding levers instead of buttons.
OMG, do you think 400 years from now, they would have perfected Rogaine for Jean-Luc Picard?
So, please, let's give the producers some leeway.But to try and make things a bit consistent, let us just ponder about the Cylons creation just 60 years prior to the end of Battlestar Galactica.
If that is the case, where did all the Cylons that populated the original earth come from?
We know that the technology exists for spontaneous jumps through space.
Well, what happened if one of the Cyclon ships at war with the Caprica fleet was fired upon or there was a sunspot or whatever and one ship, loaded with human-looking Cylons, wound up not only jumping through space, but through time, back a thousand or ten thousand years with a crippled ship near Earth One.
They colonized it, found out they could repopulate it and eventually destroyed themselves, but not before they themselves sent out a "ragtag" fleet to search for the legendary Caprica, only to find a habitable but unpopulated planet, which they colonized to become the humans, who eventually invented the Cylons.
Time paradox?
Of course.
Which came first, the chicken or the road?
Who cares?
It's fraking entertaining!
Paul was totally ripped off by someone at paramount who made Dave.
It's the same story, not as funny though.Paul related to me this morning about the scene were sammy davis sings the new national anthem of parador.
he arrived in brazil after a long flight from vegas, three planes, car ride to the set, etc.
he was beat.
he could hardly stand, had to use a cane.
he was staying in a trailer about the size of my bathroom.he didn't know he could do it.
then he saw the crowd of 6000 extras,paid 7 bucks.
he came to life and they shot that scene for two hours.
he was magnificent, then nearly collapsed.paul is a great guy, though very liberal.
a real talent.
This movie was one of the funniest movie I've seen in years and the laughs from the audience members support me.
Not since My Big Fat Greek Wedding (2002) has the laughter been as spontaneous and intense.
Easily has intricate as last year's Mr. and Mrs. Smith (2005) in its use of parody (espionage in Mr. and Mrs. Smith and sex in My Super Ex-Girlfriend).
Director's Ivan Reitman balance between comedy and drama, between crazy and downright ludicrous is great.
Never does the shock and dramatic serious crack the rule of comedy.
At the same time, this predictable romantic comedy never loses its touching emotional elements even if the ending is broadcast in advance.
In some ways, it's so evident that it's great to see how it plays out.
Just like in real life, sometimes the truth is so evident that one can't really see it.
Easily eight out of ten stars ranking up there with Tootsie (1982).
Possibly a nine (depends on how it appears on a second viewing).
A great suspense movie with terrific slow camera-work adding to the dramatics makes this a treat to watch and enjoy.
Director-writer Brian de Palma does a super Hitchcock-imitation (many called it a "ripoff") with this film and the 2.35:1 widescreen DVD is a must to fully appreciate the camera-work (and several scenes with people hiding on each side which are lost on formatted-for-TV tapes).The downside of the movie, at least to anyone that has some kind of moral standard, is the general sleaziness of all the characters, including the policeman played by a pre-NYPD Dennis Franz (who has hair here!).
The opening scene is still shocking with a fairly long shower scene of Angie Dickinson that is quite explicit, even 25 years after its release.
The film has several erotic scenes in it as Dickinson (if that is really her on the closeups) and Nancy Allen are not shy about showing their bodies.There is not much dialog in the first 20 minutes and no bad language until Franz enters the picture after the murder.
The first 36 minutes are riveting and even though it's apparent who the killer is, it's still very good suspense and fun to watch all the way through, particularly for males ogling the naked women.
Although Cinderella isn't the obvious choice for a sequel I love Jaq and Gus so I didn't hesitate.
The format of the mice writing a book for Cinderella was an inspired one.
I enjoy writing stories myself and hope children will be encouraged by this.
The three stories are cute & amusing, although the songs were forgettable.
Jaq and Gus were my favourite characters but I also enjoyed seeing Lucifer, Bruno, the Mice Chorus and all the rest.
Pom Pom proved the perfect companion for Lucifer and I liked the Governess.
A sequel done right for a change.
My rating 8/10.
The usual cat and mouse antics abound until Jerry jumps into a bottle of invisible ink.
He gets the bright idea of torturing Tom without him knowing.
The cat gets wise and tries to do stuff to make him 'see' jerry even if it's not fool-proof.
Of course Jerry gets Butch aka Killer aka Spike the dog into the act (even if it's late in the short, and his contribution is minimal indeed) Brilliant animated short which kind of reminded me of the one with the white mouse who scares Tom so badly.
Most of the gags work and all violent as any good tom and jerry short should truly be.
This hilarious cartoon can be found on disc one of the Spotlight collection DVD of "Tom & Jerry" My Grade: B+
Bela Lugosi appeared in several of these low budget chillers for Monogram Studios in the 1940's and The Corpse Vanishes is one of the better ones.Bela plays a mad scientist who kidnaps young brides and kills them and then extracts fluid from their bodies so he can keep his ageing wife looking young.
After a reporter and a doctor stay the night at his home and discover he is responsible for the brides' deaths, the following morning they report these murders to the police and the mad scientist is shot and drops dead shortly afterwards.You have got almost everything in this movie: the scientist's assistants consist of an old hag, a hunchback and dwarf (her sons), a thunderstorm and spooky passages in Bela's house.
Bela and his wife find they sleep better in coffins rather than beds in the movie.The Corpse Vanishes is worth a look, especially for Bela Lugosi fans.
Great fun.Rating: 3 stars out of 5.
Fire And Ice is an animated film set in a fantasy world.
The film is about a village that is destroyed by a giant glacier which is the home of the evil ice lord named Nekron.
The only survivor of the village is a young man named Larn who sets out to avenge those who were killed by the glacier.
The ice glacier moves through the land of fire and the princess of the land named Teegra is kidnapped by evil creatures.
Larn sets out to find her and also sets out to find and kill Nekron.
Fire And Ice is directed by Ralph Bakshi who is one of my favourite adult animators.
He has brought us such animated masterpieces as the film version of Fritz The Cat and some films he has written himself, like the great film Heavy Traffic.
I didn't like Fire And Ice nearly as much as I have Ralph Bakshi's other work, but I still found the film to be enjoyable.
It had some very nice animation in parts and the story was entertaining enough.
The only basic complaints I have is that I wish that there was more of a story to the film because the story it uses is very thin and there is not a lot to it.
I also wish the film was a bit longer because it is under 80 minutes in running time.
Still it's an entertaining action adventure films that unlike Fritz The Cat or Heavy Traffic is appropriate for kids 8 and older.
I only wish that there was a more developed story and it went on a bit longer than it did.
This is another fantasy favorite from Ralph Bakshi; after watching it on YouTube that is.
Set in the distant past after the Ice Age, it is a prehistoric sword-and-sorcery quest between good and evil.
Nekron, Lord of the realm of Ice and his mother Queen Juliana, has set their sights on conquest of the known world.
When their glaciers destroy's the village of a man named Larn, he (Larn) vows to avenge his people and kill the Ice Lord.
Meanwhile, the sub-human minions of Nekron and Juliana capture Firekeep's King Jarol's sultry daughter Princess Teegra; but she manages to escape, and eventually meets with Larn, who promises to escort her back to Firekeep; if the sub-humans don't find them first.This movie did very little box office (as did most of Ralph Bakshi's films), but has become a cult classic, partly for the quality of the art, a collaboration between Ralph Bakshi and the famed fantasy artist Frank Frazetta.
Also, I have heard that the screenplay was written by Gerry Conway and Roy Thomas, the two men who had done Conan comic book stories, and the background painters included James Gurney, the illustrator of the Dinotopia novels; though admittedly I had never read Conan or Dinotopia.
And also the painter Thomas Kinkade, noted for his artwork for figurines, music-boxes for The Bradford Exchange Company besides paintings.
And like Bakshi's films The Lord of the Rings and American Pop, this movie was rotoscoped, but the process works better in this film than in the former.So overall, I think it's one of the best animated fantasy movies ever made, and an awesome collaboration between two great minds - Ralph Bakshi and Frank Frazetta.
With plenty of fantasy, sexual innuendo, and thrilling adventure.
I first read the book, when I was a young teenager, then saw the film late one night.
About a year ago I checked it out on IMDb and discovered no copies available.
I then hit the web and found a site that offers War Films, soooo glad that I did, ordered a copy and sat back and was able to confirm why I wanted to see it again.In my opinion to really enjoy the film I suggest you read get a copy of the book and then watch the film.
The book is no longer in print but I did track a copy down via E-bay, the Author Alan White was a commando/paratrooper during the 2nd world war taking part in disparate clandestine operations and this was his first book.
It is written by someone who knows and this fact I believe gives the book and film authenticity.
I have not given the film a ten only because of the nature of the ending of the film, not as good as the book.
There are a couple of plot lines that differ from the book also, which is strange as the book is not about the large scale nature of war but about the individual in war.
The film illustrates this exceptionally well.
I have the copy of the book to let my son read and then the film to let him watch, in that order.If you can track it down the book and the film then it is definitely worth it and I only wish that it was more readily available for more to read and see, one of my all best war films, ever!
this movie is practically impossible to describe.
the alternate title "Don't Look Up" is a lot more descriptive.
Like most Japanese cinema, the story is not as linear as American.
The story revolves around a director who is filming a story about a ww2 deserter.
The set is haunted(?)
by an actress who died(?)
during the filming of a tv show back in the 60s.
the director is the ONLY one who saw this show.
if you have seen Ringu (the director Hideo Nakata is the same) and liked it, you'll like ghost actress.
i loved ghost actress a lot more than ringu.
a truly scary and disturbing movie.
a 10!
There is a story (possibly apocryphal) about an exchange between Bruce Willis and Terry Gilliam at the start of Twelve Monkeys.
Gilliam (allegedly) produced a long list (think about the aircraft one from the Fifth Element) and handed it to Butch Bruce.
It was entitled "Things Bruce Willis Does When He Acts".
It ended with a simple message saying: "please don't do any of the above in my movie".There is a fact about this movie (definitely true).
Gilliam didn't have a hand in the writing.I would contend that these two factors played a huge role in creating the extraordinary (if not commercial) success that is The Twelve Monkeys.Visually, the Twelve Monkeys is all that we have rightly come to expect from a Gilliam film.
It is also full of Gilliamesque surrealism and general (but magnificent) strangeness.
Gilliam delights in wrong-footing his audience.
Although the ending of the Twelve Monkeys will surprise no one who has sat through the first real, Gilliam borrows heavily from Kafka in the clockwork, bureaucratic relentless movement of the characters towards their fate.
It is this journey, and the character developments they undergo, which unsettles.I love Gilliam films (Brazil, in particular).
But they do all tend to suffer from the same weakness.
He seems to have so many ideas, and so much enthusiasm, that his films almost invariably end up as a tangled mess (Brazil, in particular).
I still maintain that Brazil is Gilliam's tour de force, but there's no denying that The Twelve Monkey's is a breath of fresh air in the tight-plotting department.
Style, substance and form seem to merge in a way not usually seen from the ex-Python.Whatever the truth of the rumour above, Gilliam also manages to get a first rate (and very atypical) performance out of the bald one.
Bruce is excellent in this film, as are all the cast, particularly a suitably bonkers - and very scary - Brad Pitt.It's been over a decade since this film was released.
When I watched it again, I realised that it hadn't really aged.
I had changed, of course.
And this made me look at the film with fresh eyes.
This seems to me to be a fitting tribute to a film that, partly at least, is about reflections in mirrors, altered perspectives and the absurd one-way journey through time that we all make.
A first rate film.
8/10.
My personal favorite horror film.
From the lengthy first tracking shot to the final story twist, this is Carpenter's masterpiece.Halloween night 1963, little Michael Meyers murders his older sister.
All-hallows-eve 1978, Michael escapes from Smith's Grove sanitarium.
Halloween night, Michael has come home to murder again.The story is perfectly simple, Michael stalks and kills babysitters.
No bells or whistles, just the basics.
It's Carpenter's almost over-powering atmosphere of dread that generates the tension.
Like any great horror film, events are telegraphed long in advance, yet they still seem to occur at random, never allowing the audience to the chance to second guess the film.The dark lighting, the long steady-cam shots, and (most importantly) that damn eerie music create the most claustrophobic and uncomfortable scenes I have yet to see in film.
There is a body count, but compared to the slew of slashers after this it's fairly small.
That and most of the murders are nearly bloodless.
The fear is not in death, but in not knowing.The acting is roundelay good.
PJ Soles provides much of the films limited humor (and one of the best deaths), Nancy Loomis turns in a decent performance and then there is the young (at the time) Jamie Leigh-Curtis.
Her performance at first seems shy and un-assured, yet you quickly realize that it is perfect for the character, who is herself shy and un-assured and not at all prepared for what she is to face.
And of course there is the perfectly cast Donald Pleasence as the determined (perhaps a little unstable) Dr. Sam Loomis.
Rest in peace Mr. Pleasence.If the film has a detrimental flaw, it would be the passage of time.
Since the release of this film so many years ago nearly countless clones, copies, rip-offs, and imitators have come along and stolen (usually badly) the films best bits until nearly everything about it has become familiar.
Combined with the changes for audience expectations and appetites, one finds much of the films raw power diluted.
To truly appreciate it in this day and age, it must be viewed as it once was, as something unique.Never the less, I have no reservation with highly recommending this film to anyone looking for a good, scary time.
Highest Reguards.10/10
Why this movie has all but disappeared into obscurity is an absolute crime.
"Conan" is perhaps the only Sword and Sorcery movie better.
The brutal violence, cool character designs, and good pacing, make this one of the best fantasies around.
It is certainly the greatest animated movie aimed at a more adult audience that I have ever seen.
This is not similar to Bakshi's usual frenetic style.
It's quite a departure for Bakshi, and in my opinion his best work.
I hope that this film gets the recognition it deserves.
My father, Dr. Gordon Warner (ret.
Major, US Marine Corps), was in Guadalcanal and lost his leg to the Japanese, and also received the Navy Cross.
I was pleasantly surprised to learn that my father was the technical adviser of this film and I am hoping that he had an impact on the film in making it resemble how it really was back then, as I read in various comments written by the viewers of this film that it seemed like real-life.
My father is a fanatic of facts and figures, and always wanted things to be seen as they were so I would like to believe he had something to do with that.He currently lives in Okinawa, Japan, married to my mother for over 40 years (ironically, she's Japanese), and a few years ago was awarded one of the highest commendations from the Emperor of Japan for his contribution and activities of bringing back Kendo and Iaido to Japan since McArthur banned them after WWII.My father was once a marine but I know that once you are a marine, you're always a marine.
And that is exactly what he is and I love and respect him very much.I would love to be able to watch this film if anyone will have a copy of it.
And I'd love to give it to my father for his 94th birthday this year!
Beautiful film, pure Cassavetes style.
Gena Rowland gives a stunning performance of a declining actress, dealing with success, aging, loneliness...and alcoholism.
She tries to escape her own subconscious ghosts, embodied by the death spectre of a young girl.
Acceptance of oneself, of human condition, though its overall difficulties, is the real purpose of the film.
The parallel between the theatrical sequences and the film itself are puzzling: it's like if the stage became a way out for the Heroin.
If all american movies could only be that top-quality, dealing with human relations on an adult level, not trying to infantilize and standardize feelings... One of the best dramas ever.
10/10.
I really enjoyed this movie.
The humor was a bit absent at times but I enjoyed how the story moved between dramatic and serious throughout the film.
This is the only the second movie where I saw Verdone acting (the other was 'Un sacco bello'), and I can see why Italians find him tiresome, but he think he played his role well as the loving father.My one drawback with this movie was that I knew it took place in Italy - somewhere in the center or south, I presume, but I felt like there was no representation of a place.
This movie could have taken place in New York, Boston, Melbourne, New Dehli...I always think it is important for movies to have a place to give the viewers something to relate to.
(Maybe I missed something?)
:) If you like Italian films, then I think that you will enjoy this.
It's not a Fellini or a Rossellini - it's not realism or neo-realism.
It's a comical story with serious moments that could really happen to any of us.
I remember having a pretty low regard for a venture like this when it was first released.
James "Not Jim" Belushi, a hammy kid actress, and a cheesy title in a John Hughes formula.
You couldn't have paid me to see it 15 years ago.
But, I got caught up watching it while wasting away a Sunday afternoon, and it hits me on a couple of levels.
The fairy tale (part Pretty Woman, part reverse Pretty Woman), the very vulnerable, Elizabeth_Perkins_in_Miracle_On_42nd_Street -like performance by Kelly Lynch, the escapism.
Over all, it gently pulls some very nice strings.
It's pretty hard not to fall into the story, develop a crush on Kelly Lynch, identify with James Belushi, dislike the stiff bad guy boyfriend, and laugh at the Curley Sue lines.
Has all the ups and downs, with a happy ending, and the kind of message you want to hear.
Go ahead, waste your time on this movie, it's worth it.
My wife is a teacher and she is very familiar with the story, having read it to several of her classes.
It never sounded all that interesting to me, though, and I bought the DVD figuring this would be a movie that wouldn't really be up my alley.The first half of the movie has a lot of set-up and I found myself thinking that I was right.
It starts off a bit slow and I have to admit that I was a little bit bored - but curious enough to stay with it.
Boy, am I glad I did because this ended up being a very satisfying and rewarding movie.
I would most certainly watch this again!The casting was very good.
Since I haven't read the book, I can't vouch for accuracy, but I have to say that Jon Voight was truly delightful.
You liked the characters you were supposed to like, hated the ones you were supposed to hate, and laughed at the ones that were supposed to be funny.I can see how some folks might not like this movie.
It is tedious at times, especially in the beginning.
All the flashbacks can be distracting (though they are essential to the story).
Once the story starts to come together at the end, though, I think you're paid back in spades for your patience.
When all is said and done, I think this is a very good movie - 8/10.
I got to say that Uma Thurman is the sexiest woman on the planet.
this movie was uber cute and I mean uber cute.
It had all the "sex" content that most Ivan Reitman comedies have but with something a lil extra, CHEMISTRY.
Uma and Luke both have this awkrawrd but believable chemistry that seem to transcend in each scene .
Both seem to create this odd, twisted and interesting relationship with powerful "sexual" tension that you laugh until you can't feel your face anymore.
Anna Farris and the rest of the supporting cast seem to play off each other's roles perfectly and even Wanda Sykes' rather small role will keep you laughing.
Though these kind of comedies aren't for everybody, but I have to say I went with a person that doesn't usually enjoy these films and he was laughing like crazy.
This movie is certainly not for everyone.
especially younger children since some moments are little too...well lets say ADULT for younger viewers.
All in all I was pleasantly surprised by this movie, tough the ending I found was a little weak compared to the rest of the film.
(3 1/2* out of 5*)
This film may seem dated today, but remember that it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live, before Howard Stern, back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor.
This film is the granddaddy of them all.
Enjoy it for its historical significance, as well as for its strong entertainment value.
Los Debutantes is the story of two orphaned brothers who have moved to Santiago from the South after their mother dies.
The confident and streetwise Silvio, the elder brother, gets a job working for a sleazy strip club's owner after taking the naive Victor there for his 17th birthday.As Silvio blossoms under his boss's tutelage, both brothers get involved with the owner's sexy and manipulative mistress, Gracia.
As the film unfolds, characters are redefined as we begin to see the subtle and overt ways that each one manipulates the next.The film is well made, with good cinematography and fast pacing.
It's also pretty sexy, with a lot of nudity and some fairly explicit sex scenes.
It uses the now-popular technique of layering different scenes from different points of view, out of chronological sequence.
Many people hate movies like this because they don't understand what's going on - Memento, Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs, and many other good films use this device.
The plot itself is really nothing new, there are elements of Body Heat, Pulp Fiction, and many other good film noir.As the different layers are revealed, our understandings of the characters and their motivations evolve.
While the plot may be somewhat cliché, it is also clever and entertaining.I would call it an enjoyable movie, worth watching, but nothing memorable.
I haven't seen many films from Chile, and it's always interesting to see film noir from other countries.
Other than that, rent it if it's available but don't lose any sleep if it isn't.
Gena Rowlands plays an actress who loses her grip on reality when she witnesses the death of a fan of hers.
She becomes increasingly deluded from reality, and as a result her emotional turmoil intrudes with her work as an actress.
In the sense that she breaks all the rules of acting and improvises everything, yet still manages to engage her audience makes the film interesting (if a bit self-important) as a parallel of Cassavettes' own struggles as a filmmaker.
There's so many ideas thrown around, and as result it becomes a bit muddled (I'm still pondering the relation between the dead fan and Rowlands, among many other things), but the way they're presented in their rawest form makes it a consistently interesting and thought-provoking film.
Would be great on a double bill with Mulholland Drive.
Before the regular comments, my main curiosity about THIS IS NOT A LOVE SONG is that while there's a running time listed on IMDb of 94 minutes, the DVD from Wellspring Media in the United States runs 88 minutes.
Any input on this is appreciated!Two friends with very rough lives take on the road for an adventure.
What they wind up in is just that, with one accidentally shooting a girl and the two escaping by foot into the countryside.
Rather than just a big chase, the film is complicated by the the daft and rather childlike Spike behaving inappropriately, and clutching his boom box like a teddy bear.
Some viewers may dislike the story based solely upon the character Spike, but without a bit of frustration added to the story, the film would have been too easy.
You'll notice the way the more stable character Heaton refers to Spike as "big man" in contrast to Spike's "kid out of control" attitude and behavior.
Frankly, I too was aggravated by Spike's ridiculous actions, especially the spray can sniffing, but in a desperate situation it's apparent someone of his mentality would choose an temporary escape.
But, Heaton was there to keep things in check up until things get way over his head as well.Kenny Glenaan as Heaton is a marvel, and after a while I quit wondering why in the heck he would want to pick Spike up from prison and continue a friendship, due to Glenaan's great performance.
After all, there are many many reasons during their run that would be a good idea for Heaton to just ditch Spike and try to save himself.
I suppose Heaton felt like a protective older brother to Spike, and the loyalty between the two is hard to break -- until things get too desperate.While some of the cinematography is indeed artsy, it does offer more flavor to story instead of just shots of the men running through the wilderness.
The beautiful landscapes, rain, and vast gray skies offer a somber tone that increases the feel of the tragic circumstances.
The score is unusual as well, and the use of Public Image Ltd.'s song "This Is Not A Love Song" and as the title of the film is quite smart.Overall, it's understandable if you don't care for THIS IS NOT A LOVE SONG as it's focused on two contrasting personalities escaping from another man determined to hunt them down (played by a cool, quiet David Bradley).
It's not big-budget action entertainment.
For the rest of us that enjoy seeking out something minimal and dramatic, it's time worthwhile spent, and it DOES offer some extremely tense moments that have you holding your breath a bit.I'm really enjoying the films coming out of Scotland recently, with the likes of this one, Dog Soldiers, and The Devil's Tattoo.
I'm also a bit thankful for the subtitles offered on this DVD, as the accents are sometimes lightning fast and difficult for some viewers like me to understand.
Frustrating, dark, and often tense, THIS IS NOT A LOVE SONG is very tragic yet engrossing storytelling.
OK - you want to test somebody on how comfortable they are with their adolescence and the embarrassing and maniacal changes therin - then get their immediate reaction from watching this uproarious doc about kids making socially relevant horror flicks in the suburban 80's.
More than any movie I has ever seen, the film deals with burdening sexuality and ego in a way that is completely human, never dull, and flushed in the kind of inherent goodness of youth that is discolored by the fear-frenzied adult world where any quirk in youth is accredited to anything from insanity to perversion.
Mini-mogul Darren Stien seems to be reaching for a deeper understanding of his triumphs and misgivings as the patriarch of strict kid's world.
What he finds in himself and others isn't always pretty - but shows how one can improve and reconcile with age.
What does change mean without reflection.
I love this movie.
I own Ralph Bakshis forgotten masterpiece Fire & Ice on an old OOP rental videotape.
Well for one thing, this is better than any other Conan-esque film you'll ever see.
Sure, it's cheesy, but who cares?
It stood the test of time, and the only way it started to look cheesy is in comparisons to modern fantasy epics like LOTR:FOTR (though I love that film.)
The plot goes like this: After a battle between Fire & Ice, a kings daughter is kidnapped by Jarols (Ice) subhuman creatures, while a sole survivor of a victimized village rescues her.
Yeah it doesn't sound as a original as Nurse Betty, but that's not the point.
It is really to bring to life an interesting idea of a world of two enemies: Fire & Ice.
And it succeeds.
As for the action scenes: superb.
They are well handled, have terrific suspence, and have plenty of loud noises.
Just check out the climatic battle, now THAT'S an ending!
The acting and dialogue: competent.
Really.
They aren't gonna be nominated for an Oscar, but they are OK and don't get on your nerves.
The animation is quite good.
Shot on 3D and rotoscoped (I THINK), it looks pretty good.
A lot of the backgrounds look really detailed and well drawn, and although the character designs feel a little 1-dimentional, they are OK.
Overall, this is a fine neglected little gem and will entertain you more than any of the superfical "entertainment".
10/10
By 1955, five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together, four of them Westerns.
Their rapport was obvious from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a cult and a classic.
Buffs of the period will revel in the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all more than well known - and that's not counting Ray Teal or 'Anthony' Curtis, later to become Tony.
Perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and still furnish a conventional western on the surface and full credit to all concerned.
One to add to the DVD collection.
OK, so the Oscars seem to get hyped just a little more each year.
And I was rooting for "Gosford Park" to win (come on, Robert Altman had deserved an Oscar for years!).
That said, I guess that it was high time for an African-American to win Best Actress.
Contrary to the previous reviewer, Halle Berry's role in "Monster's Ball" was far more original than Nicole Kidman's in "Moulin Rouge"; I never would have thought to nominate the latter for anything, especially in a year that saw "Mulholland Dr.".Among the things that I had predicted was the stuff about the September 11 attacks; I knew that they were going to say something about freedom.
Yeah, yeah.
Robert Redford should know better.
But contrary again to the previous reviewer, Whoopi Goldberg is not the worst host (among the past hosts was Bob Hope, for whom I have no respect); I really liked her jab at John Ashcroft.So, although I wouldn't have given "A Beautiful Mind" Best Picture, "The 74th Annual Academy Awards" still pleased me (I have to admit, I enjoy the Oscars more than my own birthday).
And the day after, as my parents and I were hiking around the dwellings in Bandalier, New Mexico - it was spring break - I was thinking to myself that when Jim Broadbent won his Oscar, that most people watching were asking "Jim who?!"
I wonder whether or not Woody Allen will ever attend the Oscars again.
This film is one of the best of all time, certainly in the horror genre.
The claustrophobic atmosphere is outstanding, the music is just as good as the film and the killer is as creepy as can be!
Actors are fantastic, RIP Donald Pleasance you were fantastic as Dr Loomis, he made the film even better.
Without him the film would be missing a vital ingredient.
Jamie Lee Curtis is also superb as our beloved scream queen!
Her innocence makes her unaware of the real evil that is after her until she finds her friends grossly murdered in the house, which of course is one of the films best scenes.
She gives a tremendous performance.
I loved this film since it scared me like hell back when I seen it in the very early 80's and I still watch it to this day as it is a marvellous movie that just brings you in to this world were you could be gutted like a fish at every turn!
The fact that it is a simple format of a mad man in a mask whom has escaped from a mental asylum and ready to kill everyone in sight without them having any idea that he is there, is just shockingly terrifying and indulges you even more into the movie as the events though fiction could easily be come true.
We all know that unfortunately evil does exist in this world and a mad man with a knife is certainly not uncommon, a very disturbing an deep fear for all of this.
Death at any turn.
Halloween of course shows this in it's most terrifying way.
Horror should be believable, and that is what makes the film enjoyable.
It's just a simple story that is made into an excellent and terrifying atmosphere.
As well as Psycho's superb storyline, both of which I adore, I believe there formats are the best horror has to offer.
To me Halloween and Psycho are the best films I have ever seen and I will watch them all my life and never grow tired of them.
Halloween is undoubtedly one of the best movies of all time.
Gruveyman2 (comment below)you are a complete idiot...blinded by ignorance by the very city you have allegiance to.
Its that whiny arrogance, that you are ironically claiming the film exudes about SF, that makes you seem like such the typical LA A**hole!
The only reason you felt the film was so self congratulatory about SF is because you are jealous.
Of course you don't know it because you are so LA jaded.
First of all the film was completely factual about a beautiful city; what has been filmed there and what has been filmed by some of its more famous locals.
It says nothing bad about LA; and these accomplished directors choose to live in a beautiful city over LA.
They recognize that they went to film school in LA and are obviously proud of that fact.
They recognize that SF is close to LA which is a benefit.
The only negative thing that was said that relates to LA, was about the studio executives.
The same studio executives that hated these guys movies when they first saw them, but then those same movies went on to be huge world-wide grossing films.
So why wouldn't they have animosity towards the studio executive establishment and studio system?
These are the only people they are trying to "disassociate from" and for good reasons!
Don't be so sensitive!
How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the "so called" San Francisco director?
How is he not to be considered that?
And who directed The Godfather?
Coppola did.
It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won it a best picture award.
So what who gave him the job?
He admits it in the documentary that he didn't even want to do the movie....so what's your point?
And so what if Sophia wants to live in LA?
And that proves your point how?
And tell me how they are not truly independent when they are funding a lot of their own movies.
Movies that are now considered classics.
And, when they made movies from studio funding, one, it was LA that came to them and said we want you to make these pictures and two, they used the money that they made from doing these pictures to fund their own.
They said exactly that in the film.
"Your bitchy and self congratulatory whining would take on an air of greater self respect and credence if you never set foot on the ground you so claim to be superior to in this film.
"How the hell can "bitchy-ness" and "self-congratulation" suddenly have an "air" of self respect and credence....if they never go to LA again?
What a stupid and senseless comment!
You inserted some big words in there....and just don't know how to use them!
And, by the way, they never claimed nor implied they were superior to LA!
So what if they are giving a guy from New York an award in LA....again what the hell is your point?
So if they go to LA or New York they are hypocrites by simply preferring to live in SF?
You make no sense.San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people who make it what it is today.
This film just focused on one aspect...film-making.
For you to take the time and type up such nasty comments about the city (not the movie!
But the city and its people) only proves what it is we Northern Californians hate about people from LA!
THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENTARY...VERY INTERESTING, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE BAY AREA...BUT I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE.
This complicated western was a milestone in the career of JAMES STEWART after his return from war service, wanting to change his image by doing a western, which is largely regarded as the reason for the influx of westerns in the '50s since it's very impressive.
Too bad it wasn't photographed in Technicolor.Stewart wins first prize for "the gun that won the West", but then has to spend the rest of the film trying to recover it when it's stolen.
SHELLEY WINTERS is a shady gal with an unsavory reputation and STEPHEN McNALLY is the local bad boy gunman in Dodge City.
WILL GEER is Wyatt Earp and DAN DURYEA is Shelley's bad boyfriend.
And wouldn't you know that, it being a Universal-International film, TONY CURTIS and ROCK HUDSON (both quite unknown at the time) have bit roles.An interesting sequence features the first Indian attack, whereby CHARLES DRAKE reveals himself to be a coward who rides off, leaving Shelley alone in the horse-drawn wagon.
He later redeems himself, but it's just one of the twists and turns that has the gun passing from one unsavory hand to another--but finally ending up with the rightful owner.STEPHEN McNALLY and JAMES STEWART have quite a final shootout that is almost as melodramatic (but not quite) as DUEL IN THE SUN's blazing guns finale.
McNally makes the perfect villain and DAN DURYEA is equally treacherous in the kind of villainous role he played throughout the '40s as a low-life gunslinger.Tightly constructed story is extremely well directed by Anthony Mann, and it's fun to see ROCK HUDSON (credited as Young Bull) wearing Indian war paint and TONY CURTIS as a young soldier who casts longing glances at the then slim and attractive Shelley Winters.Well worth viewing and definitely an above average story.
With the current trend of gross out humor, this film is the granddaddy of them all.
While some of the humor is dated, every skit will either shock, repulse, or make you laugh out loud.
Most memorable is the sex games commentary and, of course, the VD commercial.
It doesn't always work, but pays off when it does.
I give this a 7.
Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is an assassin for the CIA.
He is ordered to go to the country of Turaquistan, a nation that the United States has "liberated", and kill a businessman named Omar Shariff.
This is because the American conglomerate, Tamerlane, that is putting the country "back together" will not stand for Shariff, an oil man from a neighboring state, laying down his own pipeline through war-torn Turquistan.
But, once there, Brand runs into difficulties.
One, he meets a determined journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei) who wants to tell the American public the "true" story of the region's conflict...and of Tamerlane.
But, Brand is aghast to realize that Natalie's pretty face and sharp mind instantly and unconsciously compels him to lose focus on his mission.
Also, his cover as a trade show host forces him to meet the country's pop-singing princess, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will be getting married at the convention center.
She is a young diva whose wedding arrangements also turn Brand's attention away from the coming assassination.
With other inept underlings and complications, will Brand be able to carry out his mission, for the satisfaction of Tamerlane's BIG boss, the former vice-president (Dan Ackroyd)?
Good for you, John Cusack, to make this film, even though it doesn't quite hold together.
Shot in Serbia, it is a worthy look at what present-day Iraq must be like, a country turned upside-down.
In a stroke a brilliance, the green zone here is called "The Emerald City" and aptly so, for this Oz-like neighborhood attempts to keep out the ravages of war going on elsewhere in the metropolis.
The cast is very fine, with Cusack doing a nice job and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others backing him up in style.
Duff, especially, does a great turn as the heavily-accented, heavily made-up, potty-mouthed singer.
The recreation of war-riddled Baghdad is so real that it hurts while the costumes and other production values are top-notch.
As for the script, it isn't always cohesive but it certainly has some tremendous dialogue and scenes.
For example, a young Turaqui boy offers to show Brand an enemy hideout, in exchange for money and candy.
Brand produces the cash but, because he has no candy, the boy burns his vehicle anyway.
Brilliant!
Then, also, the direction is not a total success but doesn't lag very often.
No, if you have conservative leanings, you probably won't like this film one bit.
But, if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the "war on terrorism", this is quite a good show.
Therefore, do make an effort to view it, as you will be supporting those filmmakers who choose to make movies far away from those old studio "formulas".
Along with "King of the Rocket Men", this was still being repeated on BBC TV in the early to mid eighties.
If I was loading up a time capsule of this period both these series would definitely go in.Someone watching it for the first time will think it is silly but this is one of the best examples of the "Serials".
Don Del Oro will make you laugh (When I was little my nickname for him was Mr Dustbin head) and it was funny upon being shot at he says "Your bullets can't harm me" then he stumbles back, seemingly less than happy.
I also like the way he dispenses with Sebastian in the first episode.I watched this again because I had good memories of it from years back, there are some good stunts and good music, it has the ingredients you expect including water,rockfalls,runaway carts... Apart from the first episode(with Ralph Faulkner)the swordplay wasn't nearly as good as I remembered it, and yes it features the inevitable "flashback" episode!
It gets 8 out of 10 because it still suffers from slow pace, padding and the other tricks.
If you are interested in these serials I recommend the book by William Witney, "In a Door, Into a Fight, Out a Door, Into a Chase" although there is only a small entry about this series in it.
This is a great movie, I did the play a while ago.
It had an extra zing-- to it.
I loved Vanessa Williams as Rosey, and also Jason Alexander has a good voice.
It was great.
The setting were also very good.
Except the fact that it is 2 hours and 50 minutes, makes it pretty long.
Overall I give it 8.5 stars.
They also added a few parts, but it was still cool.
This was one of the highlights of ST:TNG's semi-forgettable second season, before they 'grew up' or grew into their own in the third season and beyond.
This was not only a showcase for up-and-comers like Bill Campbell and Teri Hatcher, but was also the continuation of Data's search for his 'humanity', this time through the concept of comedy.
Still one of my favorite episodes.On a side-note, I'm still disappointed that there is no credit for the actress with whose character Okona was about to have a tryst(after Teri Hatcher's character) before being rudely interrupted by Lt Worf.
I remember watching this episode 'first-run' at my friends comic shop back in the day and we all thought she would've been a perfect Jean Grey/Marvel Girl.It would be nice to know who this pretty lady actually is...
Personnaly I really loved this movie, and it particularly moved me.
The two main actors are giving us such great performances, that at the end, it is really heart breaking to know what finally happened to their characters.The alchemy between Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson is marvelous, and the song are just great the way they are.
That's why I didn't feel surprised when I learned it had won 5 golden globe awards (the most rewarded movie at the Golden Globes), an Oscar and even a Grammy.
This movie is a classic that deserves to be seen by anyone.
A great movie, that has often been criticized (maybe because Streisand dared to get involved in it, surely as a "co-director").
Her artistry is the biggest, and that will surely please you!
This movie is one I strongly recommend.
It's about a boy, Stanley Yelnats (Shia LeBeouf) who is wrongly convicted of a crime and sent to Camp Green Lake, a boys' detention center.
There, he is forced to dig holes 5 feet deep and 5 feet in diamiter.
While there, he meets the other boys of the camp (Zero, Magnet, Armpit, Squid, x-Ray, and ZigZag).
All of them are digging, not to 'build charactor', but to find outlaw Kate Barlow's treasure.
Throughout the movie (and book) Stanley learns more about the past, more about himself, and more about digging holes.
I give this movie a 9.5, because, I am very picky when it comes to books to movies, (I want the movie to follow the book EXACTLY).
But, still it did real well.
God!
Zorro has been the the subject of about as many movies as Tarzan, and probably had about as many actors in the title role.
This Serial is one of my own personal favourites, and as previously stated,it is one of the Top 5 Sound Serials.
Oddly enough, this is one production that came out in that water shed year of 1939.
* By the time of this production in '39, Zorro was really well known as a (Pulp) literary and movie character.
The film opens up with a little foot note about the History of the Mexico's struggle for freedom from rule by a European Monarchy, namely Spain.
The story invites comparison with the American Revolutionary War.The story concentrates its attention to the mythical Province of San Mendelito and its 'Council'.
It is being addressed by Benito Juarez**on their gold mine's relation to the new Republic of Mexico.
Gold shipments must get thru to Mexico City.Don Francisco Uncle to Diego Vega, states that he has organized a group of patriots to act as a protective force for the gold convoys.A thug from the Don del Oro mob, stages an 'insult' to himself and challenges Don Francisco to a duel with swords, Don Frasncisco getting run through.Suddenly the dark clad masked swordsman appears to sword fight and after carving the trademark 'Z' on the face of the bad guy, he dispatches him to the hereafter.
Don Francisco declares with his dying breath to his ward Ramon (William Corson) that Zorro is his nephew from the city of Los Angeles.
He also attempts to tell of the true identity of Don del Oro, but expires before completing statement.There is a big reception for Diego at Don Francisco's Hacienda, where Diego disappoints Ramon'sister (also ward of Don Francisco) with his timid act.
"A FOP!!
", she declares.Later,Diego and Ramon slip away to join up with a meeting of the volunteers.
When they ask, "who will lead us with Don Francisco now dead?
", Ramon declares "Zorro, we are Zorro's Fighting Legion!"
Well there is a big battle with the Legion, now all clad on gray, with masks and capes, protecting the Gold Train.
Then Zorro seems trapped at a man-made avalanche intended for the convoy, when, well, you know cliffhanger end of Chapter One.Wow!
That was a lot of writing for one Chapter, but like most other Serials, the opening one is longer and has a lot of ground to be laid to set up the story line.
Let's just let it suffice to say that there are 11 more good, well made, action filled Chapters following.ZORRO's FIGHTING LEGION has all of the elements that made for top cliffhanger action.
We have an unknown evil leader who is fomenting trouble between different groups.
There is a number of suspects as to who was really behind of the mask of 'Don del Oro'.
We had soldiers, renegade Whites, hostile Indians and the Legion.In short, it's safe to say that there is everything one could want, and then some, in this Serial.
And, incidentally, they wisely choose to not have the actors affect any Mexican accents.As to just what is there here that makes ZFL stand out from the rest?
What makes it different or unique?
Well........First of all, it has a much more elaborate and exciting musical score playing and underlining the drama and action on the screen.
The opening theme even appears in a flamenco guitar rendition at the Cantina in Chapter One.
This is probably the only time that such a highly specialized innovation appears in serial sound track.And yet there is one more feature that really sets the Fighting Legion saga out in front from all others.
That is, the film not only has a heroic musical theme, but it also sports Lyrics, yes, the Legionairres sing!
We hear them singing in the opening credits and in several Chapters!
It really works well and adds to the feelings we get from the viewing.When the Serial was first shown on our local television (circa 1955), all of the gang immediately recognized the voice of Reed Hadley as belonging to 'Captain Braddock from RACKET SQUAD, the TV Series.
Mr. Hadley had a very distinctive, deep voice.
*** He also handled the role very well.
His costume and especially the elongated mask looked very good and was probably very functional.There is a small slip up.
A sort of minor anachronism occurs by having Benito Juarez(Carleton Young)addressing the San Mendelito Council, as Juarez was about 18 years old at this time (1824) and, though he was later perhaps the greatest single figure in Mexico's History, he surely hadn't achieved such prominence yet.
His inclusion in story probably was to cash in on the release of Warner Brothers' JUAREZ that year, which starred Paul Muni in the title role.This is not only my pick as a top 5 sound serial, but also my favourite Zorro film.
* We are reminded of the great crop of top flight movies that year, what with GONE WITH THE WIND, MR.SMITH GOES TO WASHINGTON, THE CITADEL, JUAREZ, THE WIZARD OF OZ, OF MICE AND MEN, ONE MILLION B.C.,ZENOBIA, WE WANT OUR MUMMY all counted among the output that year.
** Once again, Juarez did not ascend to any national importance until around 1850, about 25 years later.
Also, the political sub-divisions are referred to as 'Provinces' in the story.
In actuality, they are called 'States'.
Just as we are called the United States of America, so too,South of the Border they call their Repubhlic the United States of Mexico.
*** Reed Hadley was prominent in some very 'A' pictures in which his richly toned voice is exploited to good effect.
Watch & listen for his narration in THE HOUSE ON 92nd STREET (1945) and GUADALCANAL DIARY (1945).
Halloween is a film I have to get out and watch every time it's THAT day of the year.I even watch it sometimes when it's not the holiday!!
!This film is SO great.Jamie Lee Curtis is an actress I can never stop loving.This movie might be old,but the story line still gets me right there every time,and the acting was absolutely fantastic!!
!Although I have not seen the remake,I feel already that it was TOTALLY unnecessary.I think Rob Zombie should have NEVER remade such a classic.What kills me though,is to know that there are some people out there who have seen the remake without even hearing of the original.I am getting furious just thinking about it!!!!!
!This movie was great,and it will always be remembered in history as a classic.
Sitting on the front porch of his Burbank home, Ted Mapes told me that he and Reed Hadley wore the exact same size in every item of clothing except hat.Ted, one of the greatest of the stunt men, said that every time Zorro put on his mask, he was the one on the screen.That was a little bit of an exaggeration: There were times that Zorro was obviously Reed Hadley, but in the stunts we can be satisfied it was Ted at work.And what stunts!
"Zorro's Fighting Legion" is, as witness the comments here, one of the greatest of serials.
It is exciting and generally very well made.Reed Hadley was a fine actor, and, as someone else commented, he made a very good fop.But, admittedly, it is the action that makes this movie so great.And what else could we expect, with direction by that excellent team, Witney and English, with great music from the amazingly prolific William Lava (the listing here says he was uncredited, but that is incorrect; those other composers listed here were indeed uncredited, and I don't know if they did write any of the music -- it sounds like Lava), and with villainy from, among others, the great Charles King, and with dozens of bit parts?Also noteworthy was a villain played by the radio Tarzan, Jim Pierce, who was Edgar Rice Burroughs' son-in-law.
(I urge you to read his mini-bio.)
There is one chapter that slows things down depressingly, but, heck, it's only a few minutes long (maybe 20) and when you wade through it, well, you're back to the excitement.Turner Classic Movies deserves a great big THANK YOU for presenting this excellent serial, and we should ask TCM to bring us more.And we should thank everyone involved that we get to see it as a chapter-play, or serial, and not as a re-cut feature.
My very favorite character in films, but in nearly all of them the character of Zorro has a small bit of cloth as a mask and if the villain`s can`t tell who is under that cloth then they are daft.But in Reed Hadley`s "Zorro`s Fighting Legion" (serial 1939) the mask fills his whole face making it a real mystery as to who Zorro really is.But anyway Zorro is one of the best character`s in films and to bring it up to date l think Anthony Hopkins in "The Mask of Zorro" (1998) is a delight.My interest in films is vast, but l have a real liking for the serial`s of the 30s/40s....Bond2a
Many people have commented that this movie was nowhere near as good as the first.
Well, maybe it isn't - to you.
However, how does your child react to it?
Well, mine loved it more than the first.Disney movies of the past can sometimes be a little harsh for little kids.
(For example - Bambi's mother getting shot.)
This movie was really great for my sensitive little girl who likes humor and happy endings.If you want to be snobby about what should be Disney's standards based on the past - skip this movie.
If you have a sweet little girl or soft-hearted little boy you really want to please, buy this movie and treat your small children.
This film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dreams instead of nightmares.
I'm happy with a movie that pleases my kid & doesn't need to impress the parents all the time.
This film would usually classify as the worst movie production ever.
Ever.
But in my opinion it is possibly the funniest.
The horrifying direction and screenplay makes this film priceless.
I bought the movie whilst sifting through the bargain DVD's at my local pound shop.
Me and some friends then watched it, admittedly whilst rather drunk.
It soon occurred that this wasn't any normal film.
Instead a priceless relic of what will probably be James Cahill's last film.
At first we were confused and were screaming for the DVD player to be turned off but thankfully in our abnormal state no-one could be bothered.
Instead we watched the film right through.
At the end we soon realised we had found any wasters dream, something that you can acceptably laugh at for hours, whilst laughing for all the wrong reasons.
We soon showed all our other friends and they too agreed, this wasn't a work of abysmal film.
This was a film that you can truly wet yourself laughing at.
This was a film that anyone can enjoy.
This was genius.
i think the team behind this film did a very good job with the limitations they had.
only £300,000 and 7 weeks to write, film and edit the whole thing which i think is an achievement in itself.
although this film is not for the masses (as a young innocent teenage girl is killed and there is homo-eroticism involved in the story) i think that this film is a heart wrenching tragedy and the more deeply involved you get in the story, the more sadness you feel.
more so towards Heaton because of the love he feels but is not returned.this is one of my favourite British films that i enjoyed very much and would watch again.
i think that it's a shame that is film is not very well heard of at all.
Have just seen the Australian premiere of Shower  at the Sydney Film Festival.
The program notes said it was - A perfect delight -deftly made, touching, amusing, dramatic and poignantly meaningful.
I couldn't agree more.
I just hope the rest of the Festival films come up to this standard of entertainment and I look forward to seeing more Chinese films planned to be shown in Sydney in the coming months.
I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco (and back) to see this movie premiere--and really glad I did.
As a big movie fan and a life-long Northern Californian, I was surprised how many Oscar-winning films have been made in the Bay Area.
As a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the Bay Area as opposed to going to LA, George Lucas' comments about persistence, community and having a vision really resonated with me.
Hey, if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in SF, so can other artists.
Would recommend this film
And I'm serious!
Truly one of the most fantastic films I have ever had the pleasure of watching.
What's so wonderful is that very rarely does a good book turn into a movie that is not only good, but if possible better than the novel it was based on.
Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but it is a rare occurrence indeed.
But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped masses, so that the film sticks close to the story but takes it even further.
This film has many elements that make it what it is:1.
A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humour, but a mature edge.
2.
Brilliant actors.
Adults and kids alike, these actors know how to bring the story to life and deliver their lines with enthusiasm and style without going overboard, as sometimes happen with kids movies.
3.
Breathtaking scenery.
And it doesn't matter if it's real or CGI, the setting in itself is a masterpiece.
I especially love the image of the holes from a birds eye view.
4.
A talented director who breathes life into the book and turns it into technicolour genius.
The transitions in time work well and capture the steady climax from the book, leading up to the twists throughout the film.
5.
Louis Sachar!
The guy who had me reading a book nonstop from start to finish so that I couldn't put it down.
He makes sure that the script sticks to the book, with new bits added in to make it even better.
6.
And speaking of the script!
The one-liners in this are smart, funny and unpatronising.
But there are also parts to make you smile, make you cry, and tug at your heartstrings to make you love this story all the more.
7.
Beautiful soundtrack.
There's not a song in this film that I haven't fallen for, and that's something considering I'm supposed to be a punk-rocker.
The songs link to the story well and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film.
If you're going to buy the film, I recommend you buy the soundtrack too, especially for "If Only", which centres around the story and contains the chorus from the book.I do not work for the people who made Holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, plugging my favourite film and giving it the review it deserves.
If you haven't seen it, do it.
Now.
This very instant.
Go!
Cusack does his best David Niven in this one, although I don't know if anyone besides me noticed it.When seen with this in mind, its a deliciously over saturated 'wants to be taken more seriously than Austin powers but still be pretty d*mn funny' reworking of an under-appreciated comedy classic.Hillary Duff does an over sexualized Britney spears lap dance version of Mata Bond.
The writers built a little reverse Oedipus twist into the plot - interesting choice.I never knew how soothing Montel's voice was until this movie...
I think he has found a new calling doing nav system voice overs!
WOW!
What - a - movie !!!!!!!!!!!
I'm not at all a fan of contemporary Italian directors.
Usually I don't like dramas.
I am not a Will Smith super fan even thinking that he is a very good actor......but this movie !
It is such a great movie with a such original script and so good direction and so well acting...wow...it is stunning.
This movie captured my attention minute by minute and I even did not like "The pursuit of happiness" (maybe also because i did not like the acting of Will's son who is a very bad actor while children usually seems all natural born actors, I saw him also last night in "The day the earth stood still" and I confirmed my sensation that Jaden can't act).
I don't want to write spoilers and so i don't talk about the story but what I can say is that this movie talks about Love, Death and other feelings which i don't like to watch in movies....but THIS MOVIE is such a super great movie.
If you have a minimum of heart you'll don't regret watching it
This miracle of a movie is one of those films that has a lasting, long term effect on you.
I've read a review or two from angry people who I guess are either republicans or child beaters, and their extremist remarks speak of the films power to confront people with their own darkest secrets.
No such piece of art has ever combined laughter and tears in me before and that is the miracle of the movie.
The realism of the movie and it's performance by Bret Carr is not to be missed.
The very nature of it's almost interactive effect, will cause people to leave the theater either liberated or questioning their very identity.
Bravo on the next level of cinema.
I only know of one other movie that could possibly compete with Opening Night and that's Bergman';s Persona.
Both movies are simply amazing, they have a richness of ideas hard to grasp at first sight.
We have a profound meditation on the relation of art and life as one actress, Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), finds herself more in touch with the character she is playing on stage than she would want to.
The accidental death of one of her fans, a young girl that declares her love for Myrtle and she is then hit by a car, leaves a deep mark in the actress.
She starts asking herself question related to her aging that starts to affect her until the only solution becomes alcohol.
But that doesn't help to much and Myrtle is one step away from complete madness.
The scene where she kill the imaginary (or not) spirit of the dead girl is one of the most thrilling scenes I found in a Cassavets film.
The movie ends with a display of genius on behalf of the director as he films a theater scene where he himself and Gena Rowlands improvise a scene, since Myrtle comes too drunk to the opening night to perform her part accurately.
This scene was filmed spontaneously, with a live audience, the laughter is genuine, the chemistry between Casavates and Rowlands absolutely amazing.
If you liked Persona or are interested in a movie that offers substantial ideas alongside great entertainment this movie will suit you just fine.
The nearest I ever came to seeing this was a clip shown at a Gerard Philippe exposition in Paris about two years ago.
I had no interest in the remake and having just caught up with the original just over half a century after it was made I can only conclude that the inept fencing was intentional, aimed at a long obsolete target.
Hollywood had been doing realistic sword fights since the 30s when the greatest of them all, Basil Rathbone, crossed foils with Errol Flynn and others so the technique was available and so that leaves only satire.
After a while you don't notice and revel in the Henri Jeanson dialogue reminiscent of the Prisoner Of Zenda, both versions.
Gerard Philippe certainly had the presence to bring off a role like this and Gina Lollabrigida was probably a tad better than Martine Carol, the other obvious candidate at the time.
The print I saw was particularly bad and at one point broke down completely so maybe a DVD version would enhance it.
It isn't always easy to explain what a movie is like, but this time I think I've found it.
It reminded me of two movies: Trainspotting (small time criminals scoring some drugs and doing some stupid things in Schotland) and The Blair Witch Project (because of the style of filming).It's about the loyalty between two friends, one of them is coming out of jail, the other one hasn't been caught yet.
With a stolen vehicle they drive through the Scottish countryside but than run out of petrol.
As they try to find some fuel, they find a farm in the middle of nowhere.
The farmer thinks they want to rob him and points a gun at one of them.
Than it all goes wrong.
One of the friends accidentally shoots the farmer's daughter and they have to run.
What follows is a man hunt through the fields and woods of Schotland.
The two friends literally have to run for their lives.Apparently this movie was shot in only 12 days time.
OK, that's not exactly unbelievable because the biggest part of it is always in the same place: the Scottish countryside, but I still find that quite amazing.
Especially because this isn't actually a bad movie.
It's perhaps not the greatest movie ever, but they still can be proud of what they achieved.
I had a nice time watching it and overall I enjoyed the movie.
I give it a 7/10.
best movie ever!!!!!
this movie broke my ribs just by the force of laughter, but it was well worth it.
i don't intend to do a summary of this excellent movie, just go see it if you have the chance.
i think you will either love it, or hate it.
that's the qualities of a real cult movie.
***SPOILERS*** On of the first WWII movies coming out of Hollywood that shows how the war effected those GI's, or in this case US Marines, who fought in it.21 year old Al Schmid, John Garfield, was just starting to live with a well paying job-earning some $40.00 a week-at the local steel mill and girl Ruth Hartley, Elenore Parker, whom he was about to marry when the Japs spoiled everything for him, and millions of likewise young Americans, by attacking the US Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor.
Doing his duty as an American citizen Al immediately joined the US Marine Corps hoping to get back at the Japs knowing, correctly as it was to turn out, that the Marines would be the first American combat units to get a crack at them.Al finally got his chance when his unit, the 1st Marine Division, landed on August 7, 1942 at Guadalcanal in the far flung Solomon Islands to engage the Japanese who were were in control of it.
It was during the battle of the Ilu River that Al almost single handed stopped a massive Japanese Banzai attack holding off, with his machine gun, wave after wave of suicide attacks by the determined Japs until help, or reinforcements, finally arrived.
It was during the bloody fighting Al was hit in the face by a Jap grenade that ended up blinding him.Now back in the states convalescing at a naval hospital Al is faced with something far more harder to overcome then battling a battalion size attack of Japanese or German soldiers.
He's faced with a future where he'll never see again and having to depend on others to look after, or for, him!We get to see in the film "Pride of the Marines" Al battle himself far harder then he did the Japanese troops on Guadalcanal in just coming to terms with his disability.
Not wanting anyone, especially his girlfriend Ruth, to feel sorry for him Al in fact is the one who feels sorry for himself more then anyone else in the movie.
It's with the help of Navy Nurse Virginia Pfeiffer, Rosemary DeCamp, and Ruth together with his US Marine buddy Lee Diamond, Dane Clark, that in the end gives Al the courage to face his blindness with the same strength that he faced wave after wave of Japanese troops on Gudalcanal.
A courage Al thought he lost back in that God-forsaken island hell in the South Pacific.Based on the true story of US Marine Sergeant Albert Schmid "Pride of the Marines" showed what we were to expect from the tens of thousands of wounded US Servicemen coming back from the war.
We get to see how it in many ways was far more difficult for those fighting the war to adjust to a peacetime America when they left something, like in the case of Al Schmid, behind on the battlefield.
Al's battle with his personal demons was a lot harder then the Japanese that he fought in that they were part of him and thus had to fight himself in order to overcome and eventually defeat them.
Despite the help that he got from both Nurse Virginia and his girlfriend Ruth as well as his Navy doctor-who has a striking resemblance to actor Gregory Peck-it still was up to Al to overcome the fears that he faced.
Fears which he and only he had to both battle and overcome, like he was told by everyone in the movie, all by himself.
The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film.
I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me.
Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine, I got to hear about it.
I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor.
I asked Peter Collinson, through my agent, whether he might like me to do another draft.
I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it.
I was told, too late.
So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off.
I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay.
Then I was invited to see the finished film.
I was so impressed that I very quickly asked to have my name put back on.
It's a beautifully made piece, from a hurriedly written first draft, I expected to be asked to do much more work on it; perhaps if I had it wouldn't be so good.
I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is?
I would also love to see the film again, I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho.
"This Is Not A Love Song" is a brilliant example of the chase genre, which many people think has an underlying meaning.
The love between the two main characters may be more than fraternal.
I believe that Heaton is in love with Spike, but Spike is too naive to see this.I really feel this is portrayed with such scenes as the blow back and letter writing sequences.
Heaton shows great intimacy towards Spike.
With intense facial expressions and how he takes great care in writing Spike's name on the top of his letters.One thing I've noticed when looking at external reviews, is that when the film has been slated, the reviewer seems to have not fully understood the film, as they haven't even mentioned the possibility of Heaton having sexual feelings for Spike.
I also get the feeling that some of the reviewers haven't recognised it, when they use phrases like: "Who is Heaton?
What's he doing with a retard like Spike?"
This person, however may have hit the nail on the head with their remark.
Spike shows noticeable signs of having A.D.D, although I don't think this person has realised this, as he seems to be using the word "retard" as a derogatory term.I really enjoyed this film.
Although it is not for the faint hearted.
The film is exceedingly character based, after the shooting until the end there isn't much but dialogue between the two anti-heroes.
Unless you are used to watching such deep, gritty films, stay well away.
I saw this film prior to joining the British Army.
I went through my basic training, at first difficult and then as I progressed much easier.
My time was spent during the height of the troubles in NI and the cold war.
There was times when I questioned myself on what I had gotten myself into, not for long, as the training would always take over and you would always react instinctively.
The voice over used to display what the soldiers are thinking is spot on, though I would have added breathing and heart rate as this seems to pound in your ear drums in given situations.
Some years later I was in Canada for a family get together.
An Aunty of mine who lives in the USA and is a lecturer at the Columbus Uni Ohio had done a paper on the effects of the British Army in NI.
She spent some time out there researching.
Although an ex pat she was very anti-British.
She made a bee line for me and condemned me for being a British soldier.
My only answer was see the film 'A long day's dying'.
It's the closest a civilian will get to realise why a soldier does what he does.
The answer is right at the end.
This film has been on my wish list for ten years and I only recently found it on DVD when my partner's grandson was given it.
He watched it at and was thrilled to learn that it was about my generation - born in 1930 and evacuated in 1939 and he wanted to know more about it - and me.
Luckily I borrowed it from him and watched it on my own and I cried all through it.
Not only did it capture the emotions, the class distinction, the hardship and the warmth of human relationships of those years (as well as the cruelties (spoken and unspoken); but it was accurate!
I am also a bit of an anorak when it comes to ARP uniforms, ambulances (LCC) in the right colour (white) and all the impedimenta of the management of bomb sites and the work of the Heavy Rescue Brigades.
I couldn't fault any of this from my memories, and the sandbagged Anderson shelter and the WVS canteens brought it all back.
The difference between the relatively unspoiled life in the village and war-torn London was also sharply presented I re-lived 1939/40 and my own evacuation from London with this production!
I know Jack Gold's work, of course, and one would expect no more from him than this meticulous detail; but it went far beyond the accurate representation of the facts and touched deep chords about human responses and the only half-uttered value judgements of those years.
It was certainly one of the great high spots in John Thaw's acting career and of Gold's direction and deserves to be better known.
It is a magnificent film and I have already ordered a couple of copies to send to friends.
No one would argue that this 1945 war film was a masterpiece.
(How could any 1945 war film be a masterpiece?)
And yet this is an extremely effective telling of a true story, that of Al Schmidt, blinded on Guadalcanal, as played by John Garfield, who spent days wearing a blindfold to capture the nuances of a blind person's actions.
Robert Leckie, in "Helmet for My Pillow",denigrates Schmidt's popularity in favor of his foxhole mate, who was killed, writing that "the country must have needed live heroes."
Well, I suppose the country did.
And they had one here.
There is a single combat scene in the movie, bound to the studio lot, lasting only ten minutes or so, and occurring less than halfway through the film instead of being saved for the climax, but it is the scariest and most realistic depiction of men under fire that I can remember having seen on screen, including those in "Saving Private Ryan".
Men yell with fear, scream at each other and at the enemy, and bleed and die, without the aid of color, stereophonic sound, squibs, or gore.Simply from a technological point of view, the film is outstanding.
It isn't just that we learn how complicated a mechanism a .30 caliber, water-cooled Browning machine gun is, or that it must be fired in bursts of only a few rounds, or that it isn't waved around like a fire hose, as in so many other war movies.
The technical precision adds to the scene's riveting quality.
The need to stick to short bursts is horrifying when dozens of shrieking enemies are pouring across a creek fifty feet away with the sole aim of exterminating you and your two isolated comrades confined to a small gun emplacement.
The performances are solid, if not bravura, including those of the ubiquitous 1940s support, John Ridgeley, and a radiant, youthful Eleanor Parker.
The framing love story is spare, but it works, and ultimately is quite moving.
A striking dream sequence is included.
It's not Bunuel, but for a routine 1945 film, it stands out as original and effective.
Albert Maltz may have overwritten the script, or it may have been altered by someone else.
It could have used the kind of pruning that might have introduced some much needed ambiguity.
Still, there are odd verbal punctuations that have a surprising impact on the viewer -- "Why don't God strike me dead?"
And, "In the eyes, Lee.
Get 'em in the eyes!"
Depths of anguish in a few corny words.
And a surprising amount of bitterness expressed by wounded veterans in a 1945 war film.
Notes that might seem false to a contemporary viewer but perhaps shouldn't: the dated vernacular which it's difficult to believe many of today's kids could think was actually ever spoken -- "private gab," "dope", "drip," "Gee," "you dumb coot," "dame," "a swell guy," and "feeling sorry for yourself."
Let us consider the historical context and be kind in our judgments.
At the time, some of this goofy lingo was at the cutting edge.
Real weak points?
The wounded veterans get together and argue with each other about how much of a collective future they have and the argument is oversimply resolved with a conclusion along the lines of, "Just because you have a silver plate in your head doesn't mean people will think you're a bad person."
There are sometimes voice overs and silent prayers that are both unnecessary and downright unimaginative.
"Please, God, let him return to me," and that sort of thing.
Well, the film makers were operating within the constraints of their times.
Maybe that's why the final fade is on a shot of Independence Hall and the inspiring strains of "America the Beautiful" swell in the back.
None of this can undo the film's virtues, which are considerable, particularly the impact of that horrifying combat scene.
It's not on television that often.
If you have a chance, by all means catch it.
"Addictive" is an adjective I've heard many times when talking of certain TV shows.
Most recently, dramas like Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have earned that description.
However, as compelling as they may be (and they really are) I can wait a few days before I see the next episode of either series, even Prison Break which some have lazily classified as "the new 24".
With all due respect, there can be no such thing, and for a good reason: no other silver-screen thriller is based on a real-time structure.
That's what sets 24 apart from any other show, and that's why I practically have to watch an entire season (on DVD) in seven days or less: once the frickin' clock starts ticking, it's impossible to tune out.An episode whose events unfolded over the course of a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and, more recently, Deadwood); having an entire season of a new series last 24 hours, one per ep (the actual running time is 41 minutes; the remaining 19 are occupied by commercials when the show airs on telly), was the most groundbreaking idea in mainstream television since Hill Street Blues introduced non-linear storytelling (a mandatory element nowadays).
And it truly paid off.Ironically enough, the original plan for the series was to make it revolve around a wedding (fortunately, creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized the format was more suitable for a conspiracy thriller), which is probably the reason the first glimpse we get of the hero suggests a cheerful atmosphere: looking extremely relaxed, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is enjoying a game of chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and, minutes later, being tender with Teri (Leslie Hope), the wife with whom he has just reconciled.
As in The Sopranos, though, something unexpected and shocking is just behind the corner: not only has Kim snuck out of her room, Jack also receives a phone call urging him to get to work immediately.
At midnight?
I'm afraid so: Bauer is a CTU (Counter Terrorist Unit) agent, and his boss has acquired reliable intel about a possible hit on the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), an African-American Presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles for the whole day (oh, right, I almost forgot: events occur on the day of the California Presidential Primary).
No time for napping, then: Jack has to spend the next 24 hours working on the case.
Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore protocol, and that doesn't sit well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a slimy man from Division who has been asked to interfere with the operation.The plot is very dense, making the show hard to recommend for those with a short attention span, but anyone willing to take a look will be rewarded instantly: the writing is sharp and precise, the attention to detail unsurpassed, and the suspense is consistently sky-high, mainly thanks to the real-time trickery which considerably enhances the adrenaline level.Another great quality of this pilot is the characterization: most genre shows (sci-fi and thriller) tend to simply introduce the key players and then define them later on (a textbook example is CSI, where character development is minimal, but then again that matches the show's unique style), whereas the series debut of 24 offers a rich array of fully rounded people, among whom Jack (Sutherland's best role - ever!)
and Palmer (the real revelation of the show) stand out for being perfectly described after one episode only (the former divided between job and family, reckless but humane, the latter honorable and endowed with great integrity).
A couple of supporting parts border on stereotype (Mason and Tony Almeida especially), but two factors ought to be taken into account: a) this is the first episode; b) there's so much going on most viewers won't even complain about a "flaw" or two.
After all, how many network programs manage to begin with a conspiracy, a missing teenager AND a huge explosion - and still have equally satisfying material for the rest of the season?Tick, tock, tick, tock...
A very enjoyable film that features characters who do bad things and who let emotions like anger and a desire for vengeance bubble over.
The cast is very good, there's plenty of action, and Stewart gets the girl and his revenge (with a twist) in the end.
I've seen this film several times, and always watch when it's on AMC or cable.
Highly recommended...
HOLES is not your average Disney stuff- it's very, very fun, even for adults who usually cringe at the cutesy, focus-group designed "family entertainment" that Uncle Walt's studio passes off as live-action.
Perhaps the secret of this film's success is in its faithfulness to the original book, which is a little bit darker than your average kid stuff.
The action begins when Stanley Yelnats is sent to a boys' prison camp, where all the inmates are forced to dig holes under the desert sun as a form of rehibilitation.
But as the story progresses, Stanley's tale becomes interwoven with that of a legendary treasure, and this adventure becomes ten times more fun than any Disney movie about an all-boy prison camp has any right to be.
Jon Voight is especially nasty and colorful, and Sigourney Weaver is beautiful, as always.
This is a film that the mainstream market will probably never be able to access as it doesn't exactly give the viewer easy watching.
The story about troubled Spike and his friend Heaton is not exactly a Friday night film yet it has its own unique edge and I found that it was entertaining.
There are moments of brilliance given that the film was shot on such a low budget, such as when Spike inhales the aerosol.
However I did not really understand the relationship between Spike and Heaton and to be honest it made me spend most of the film trying to work it out.
And also I did not like the fact that most of the film is spent with the two friends talking and not really much "action".
It is a small film that is complex to watch and that is what makes it appealing.
The larger-than-life figures of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, and the specters of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull, loom over director Anthony Mann's hugely entertaining first western with James Stewart.
Although Stewart's quest to avenge his father's murder is the primary story, Winchester '73 is really an ensemble piece, with the eponymous, one-in-a-thousand firearm passing through the hands of many colorful owners, including a wry trader (John McIntire, especially great) and outlaw Dan Duryea, who's even more despicable than usual.
The film's conflation of fiction and history produces a breezy pace and an ambivalent tone brilliantly in step with Mann's pared-down, compositionally rigorous film-making.
His themes of psychological unrest and past dictating present faintly underlie this tall tale of good and bad men chasing after a fabled gun, but they starkly emerge in a vignette about a husband's cowardice and failed attempt at atonement, and are defined in Stewart's conversations with sidekick Millard Mitchell.
Mann's use of environment is what sets him apart from other filmmakers of westerns.
Instead of gazing at vistas from afar, he incorporates them into the drama as characters that redirect, complicate, or evoke the human characters' goals.
Just as mountains, caves, and rapids had to be accounted for in The Naked Spur, here a gunfight occurs amidst the loose rocks and boulders of a small mountain, a physical obstruction that fatalistically determines the roles of victor and victim between two equally skilled sharpshooters.
(I would be remiss in not recognizing cinematographer William H. Daniels's contribution, particularly his superlative day-for-night, open-range photography.)
Not merely an adept outdoorsman, Mann presents an equally vivid picture of Wyatt Earp-patrolled Dodge City, primarily through scaled, multiple-plane staging.
The shooting contest does not depend on brisk camera shifts or twitchy cuts for effect because Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to display the greatest density of information in a given shot.
Nor does he care to spell out the plot in dialogue, relying on the actors' eyes or a well-chosen image to convey the stakes.
One scene in particular serves to explain his attitude: Mitchell's telling of Stewart's motivation to Shelley Winters, which is interrupted by the climactic gunfight that soon enough reveals all.
Light without feeling insubstantial, intense without being overbearing, Winchester '73 seems more modern than its contemporaries and is a joy to behold.
'Holes' was a GREAT movie.
Disney made the right choice.
Every person who I have talked to about it said they LOVED it.
Everyone casted was fit for the part they had, and Shia Labeouf really has a future with acting.
Sigourney Weaver was perfect for The Warden, she was exactly how I imagined her.
everyone who hasn't seen it I recommend it and I guarantee you will 'Dig It'.
Going into see Seven Pounds i wasn't clearly sure what to think because the previews left to much open to grasp what the movie was really about.
So within the first 20 min or so you are completely lost in the plot, have no idea what is going on and you think Tim, who claims to be Ben, is just a big asshole.
All of this comes to an end when the "twist",so to speak, is unraveled at the very last minute of the movie.
Basically Tim (will smith) was troubled and haunted by a big accident he made causing the end of seven peoples lives.
By this he decides to scope out seven new people who are in need of help badly who he in turns gives his life to.The acting of this film is great, as i feel will smith no matter what part he seems to impress.
Rosario Dawson, to me, this is one of her better movies, aside from eagle eye which i think is up there to.
She has been in some bad some good but she does deliver in this film.
Other actors, such as woody Harrelson, have very small roles and not a big enough role to grasp the character.
Although the casting of the film was still good.This movie was definitely not what i expected and certainly a lot slower pace in which i hoped.
The movie, however, was still pretty good.
Nothing is revealed until the last 5 min of the movie and everything falls into place.
Up until then it just seems like a pointless love story.
Final thought seven pounds=seven Stars.
This movie was excellent for the following reasons: 1) It contained great backdrops and sets.
2) It showed the disparity of a war-torn environment alongside a technological one.
3) John Cusack's acting was terrific.
He portrayed angst very well.
4) It showed the vulnerabilities of everyone in a war-torn situation.
5) It gave us a picture of what might happen in the future in many respects.
I was also impressed with the acting for the most part.
Hilary's acting was, I found, the most stilted.
The morals and values of everyone in a war-torn situation are up for grabs.
The liberal journalist and the conservative business man are capable of doing anything in any situation and are equally unpredictable.
Great stuff.
PSP
My favorite part of this film was the old man's attempt to cure his neighbor's ills by putting the strong medicine in his bath.
There is more than a sense of family, there is a sense of community.
A great addition to anyone's collection.12 monkeys is a movie you don't see every day.
It has excellent actors to go with a excellent story.
This is not a normal role for Bruce Willis but he holds the role like he holds John McClane.The virus-kills everyone on earth and leaves a few hundred survivors story is not a new one but the story takes a fresh new direction on it.A man(Bruce)is sent back in time to get information on a virus which has wiped out most of man kind.The actors in this were awesome.
I must give a mention to Brad Pitt who was hilarious as the mental patient James Cole(Bruce) meets in a mental hospital.The director did an amazing job on bringing us a disturbing picture of a future devastated by a man-made virus.The animals seen in the virus world made it feel like they run the world when humans are driven into underground facilities.This movie was excellent and must see and also its a must own.I very much highly recommend it.10/10
WAR, INC. (2008) **1/2 John Cusack, Marisa Tomei, Hilary Duff, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Dan Aykroyd, Sergej Trifunovic, Lyubomir Neikov, Ned Bellamy, (Voice of: Montel Williams)A hit-and-miss-21st Century "STRANGELOVE"John Cusack  who co-wrote the script with Mark Leyner and Jeremy Pikser  stars as a jaded hit-man named Brand Hauser who is burnt out but decides to follow thru on one final assignment by icing a Middle-Eastern oil minister named Omar Sharif (yes, not THAT Omar Sharif but you get the tone here from this misfire for a laugh) commandeered by the ex-Vice President of The USA (Aykroyd, Cusack's old "Grosse Pointe Blank" co-hort, doing a mean Dick Cheney manqué turn here), enlisting Brand to do the deed under the guise of a Trade Show Producer in mythical Turaqistan (read: Iraq/Afghanistan) for the American private corporation Tamerlane (read: Halliburton).
While being briefed Brand is faced with a moment of clarity when he comes across intrepid journalist Natalie Hegalhuzen (Tomei) and eventually falls in love with her.
Meanwhile Tamerlane is sponsoring the unlikely union of Eastern European teen sensation Yonica Babyyeah (a surprisingly decent Duff aping her own celebrity with tongue- through-cheek) and the idiot son of the country's leader.What follows is a bold attempt for a 21st Century black comedy a la "DR. STRANGELOVE" but for all intense and purposes there are sadly more misses than hits in this broad try for laughs amidst political message (an unjust war being outsourced by American capitalism, check!)
While Cusack riffs on his Martin Blank from the aforementioned "Pointe" he does add some nice touches of his man in black (he does shots of Tabasco sauce to take the edge off), the rest of the cast plays catch up (except sister Joan who is a riot as the high-strung aide- de-camp for Hauser and has one of the film's funniest laugh-out lines: "My mass communications skills are finally paying off") for the most part.
Cusack visited the Iraq War earlier this year in the 180 degree different "Grace Is Gone" and here he allows his political views wear on his sleeve ; while admirable overall the film's pace and rhythms are off largely no-thanks to first time filmmaker Joshua Seftel making his directorial debut here (and it is noticeable) except for maybe the well-choreographed fight Hauser is involved with Babyyeah's idiotic fiancé's entourage.A nice attempt yet a misguided failure ; maybe next time Cusack won't try so hard and let the idiocy of war speak for itself instead of doing the heavy lifting by himself.
Barbra Streisand is a tour de force in this Hollywood story.
Her performances and the songs are one-of-a-kind and are special in the halls of great movies.
The scene where she is introduced to the unexpecting audience by Kristopherson, against the crowds' wishes and hers, only to turn them around with her magnificent performance of "Woman In the Moon" is one of the best examples on film of how well a great performer can win over an audience.
It's real.
The scene where she records Evergreen ranks with the best in the business.. all live, no lip-sync, very special.
Streisand is often criticized for being a Diva, but she delivers on this one.
She is majestic singing "With One More Look At You.
She deserved the Oscar she and Paul Williams got for Evergreen.
Kristopherson had his moments too, far above most of his movie appearances.
This version of the "Born" franchise ranks with the first one of 1937 (Janet Gaynor, Frederic March)although I will always enjoy Judy Garland and James Mason musical remake of 1954.
I haven't seen the DVD yet and don't know about its quality.
Dressed to Kill understandably made a bit of a ruckus when first released in 1980: you had "Police Girl" in a role that was mega-erotic, as Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in all the wrong museums (and there into apartment elevators), plus Nancy Allen as a call-girl, Michael Caine as Norman Bates's sophisticated New York cousin, and enough lurid imagery to last two movies of the period.
Today it's slightly less incriminating by standards and such, though the unrated version has some of the most "hot" content of any of De Palma's films, at least in his quasi-auteur period of the 70s and early 80s, where he seemed to repeat themes over and over, ideas taken right off the film-reels of Hitchcock classics and given a tawdry uplift.
It's a simple tale that one partly already saw in Sisters, and then again to an extent in Body Double, and also in Blow Out.
Cutie Allen plays call-girl Liz Blake, who has to clear her name of suspicion of killing Kate (Dickinson, in full blown 'MILF' mode), after being found with a razor, the murder weapon from Dr. Elliott's office (Michael Caine, stone-cold performance most of the way).From the start, which De Palma seems to do as a way of setting up a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way of topping the opening scene of Carrie (which, perhaps, he does just in editing terms), we get a series of technical knock-out turns through the point of view of style itself: the tracking shots in the museum, meant to stir up more of a fascination with the process itself, of following and wanting to be followed, than any kind of tension; the chase through the subway (a precursor to Carlito's Way) is done with a precise level of suspense, meanwhile, with a slightly exploitation bit thrown in with the black gang; the character of Peter, Kate's son (Keith Gordon), who plays what is essentially a younger version of the real life De Palma as a kid (science geek, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism).
And it's all entertaining and entrancing as hell as something that comes close to a real synthesis of what makes De Palma's thrillers so unique while being so self-consciously untainted by a fearless attitude of film-making.On the other hand, that same self-consciousness ended up coming back to bite the director in the butt a few times in recent years, and somehow in Dressed to Kill it starts to become very erratic and disappointing as the story has to wrap itself up.
As the Psycho themes come together even more apparently (man who wants a sex-change, doesn't even think he's killing as it is *she* who is doing it), there is an expository scene in the police station that makes the aforementioned Hitch film look like an astonishing psychological revelation.
And the final scenes at Peter's house, also calling painfully into recollection a much more accomplished sequence in Carrie, are meant for a manipulation that even for De Palma is asking for it; the final shot especially, albeit a master's class in how to copy yourself.
Yet there is a very deranged and, within itself, perfect scene at the mental hospital amid this confused denouement, where the doctor does some work on a nurse, to which all the other inmates act like animals in a zoo, and an over-head shot going up and up over the scene is one of the best shots of sexual/general perversion ever captured on film.A shame then that the film ends on such a strange and unsettling manner, where up until then it is a remarkable piece of pulp cinema, where class is all around in the technical aspects (soft lighting, intricate camera movements seemingly so simple) amid subject matter that should be found in the mix of paperbacks for 25 cents.
It's no masterpiece, but I'd certainly take it over most of the director's recent thrillers any day.
I was so entertained throughout this insightful documentary, and I waited a good while for this to come through the pipes (my local video chain), and it was worth the wait.
I like a good documentary / special interest piece, but this was definitely a heartfelt, honest, and nostalgic, if you will, look back on adolescent life.
The imagination of a child is fascinating, and that's where a great story begins.
Rent it or buy it if you like a good, humorous, and all around entertaining documentary.
Mr. Stein and company have definitely come a long way from neighborhood Video CamCorder productions of bank hold-ups, and gay-rings that turn people gay from one glance.
They all seem rather successful in they're respectful fields, and it was good to know that they are all still good friends.
The DVD has a few extra trailers for other good documentaries, and it features a number of Darren's most notable productions, including, Crazy News.
The plot of GOODNIGHT MR TOM on paper makes it seem we are in for a large dose of maudlin,sickly sentiment.But,talented director Jack Gold is an expert on touching the emotions in the right manner,and it emerges instead as a compelling,deeply moving wartime drama with excellent production and lead performances.One of the best,if not the best TV movies of the 1990's which possibly would've had even greater success if it had been released in the cinemas.The evacuation of children to countryside towns and villages in World War II was of course a common practice,but in the case of the young boy here was doubly important because of a wretched home life in the UK's capital.The horrors of war on the home front are not drifted over though,and the construction of the film until it's throat-lumping,misty-eyed ending leaves us with a sense of optimism despite what has happened before.It is almost(but not quite)worthy of comparison with the finale to IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE(1946).All in all,a modern classic.
This is a great story of family loyalty which, thankfully, doesn't resort to the usual tricks (or at least the ones I'm used to seeing in American and European films) of supersentimentality or high dramatic tension.It's very watchable and very lovable.
It has some beautiful cinematography, but doesn't rely on that alone to entertain.
A very strong movie.
Bruce is good and Brad also.As I think there are two cities missed in the receptionist list from the list Bruce remembered.That means the woman was a real insurance and she did her job.Well, Novikov property seems to me work in this movie.
However, I do believe in Back to the future theory of worlds' multiplicity.So Bruce could save the world, but not his world.In the theory of parallel worlds the man can meet himself.And I do believe there is no problem in that.
Here I disagree with Dr. Brown from Back...But the story pf 12 Monkeys has its own beauty.
Inspite of all these theories of one world or many or continuum one can believe that he is really insane and the doctor - his girlfriend was just lost.A sequence of events which may lead her to believe that he is from the future.
The bullet - well it might be some mistake, some falsification.Well I like this movie - has to buy a DVD.Best.
I went into Deathtrap expecting a well orchestrated and intriguing thriller; and while that's something like what this film is; I also can't help but think that it's just a poor man's Sleuth.
The classic 1972 film is obviously an inspiration for this film; not particularly in terms of the plot, but certainly it's the case with the execution.
The casting of Michael Caine in the central role just confirms it.
The film is based on a play by Ira Levin (who previously wrote Rosemary's Baby and The Stepford Wives) and focuses on Sidney Bruhl; a playwright whose best days are behind him.
After his latest play bombs, Sidney finds himself at a low; and this is not helped when a play named Deathtrap; written by an amateur he taught, arrives on his doorstep.
Deathtrap is a guaranteed commercial success, and Sidney soon begins hatching a plot of his own; which involves inviting round the amateur scribe, killing him, and then passing Deathtrap off as his own work.Despite all of its clever twists and turns; Deathtrap falls down on one primary element, and that's the characters.
The film fails to provide a single likable character, and it's very hard to care about the story when you're not rooting for any of the players.
This is not helped by the acting.
Michael Caine puts in a good and entertaining performance as you would expect, but nobody else does themselves proud.
Christopher Reeve is awkward in his role, while Dyan Cannon somehow manages to make the only possibly likable character detestable with a frankly irritating performance.
It's lucky then that the story is good; and it is just about good enough to save the film.
The plot features plenty of twists and turns; some work better than others, but there's always enough going on to ensure that the film stays interesting.
Director Sidney Lumet deserves some credit too as the style of the film is another huge plus.
The central location is interesting in its own right, and the cinematography fits the film well.
Overall, I have to admit that I did enjoy this film; but it could have been much, much better.
This film is available from David Shepard and Kino on the Before Hollywood There Was Fort Lee, NJ, although that is a shortened version with just the "behind-the-scenes movie sections.
I'm not sure if Blackhawk Films only had a film print of these parts, or they edited out the other scenes.
The original Blackhawk version was retitled A Movie Romance.
The complete feature does survive, but the preprint for this version had some nitrate decomposition, and a couple of sections looked bad, so that may be why Blackhawk's version was edited.Directed by Maurice Tourneur, the film has Tourneur playing himself, or more likely a caricature of himself.
Supposedly, director Emile Chautard and future director Joseph von Sternberg also can be spotted.Country lass Mary (Doris Kenyon) longs for a romantic man to sweep her off her feet.
She dreams of a troubadour that will woo her, but is constantly interrupted by the only available local boy, Johnny Applebloom.Meanwhile, a film company from New York (actually New Jersey) is filming a western in the countryside.
Mary sees an Indian (in full headdress) and raises an alarm -- spoiling a scene that the movie company is filming.
She is immediately attracted to the dashing film star Kenneth Driscoll (Robert Warwick).
He encourages her to leave her home and try to become an actress in the big city.When she arrives at the studio, she discovers that everything about the movies is fake.
The doors and walls are just flats that are hastily assembled for the set.
That lanky walk of the western hero or the happy skip of the heroine are just acting too.
The sets are on a big revolving stage, so the angle of the sun can even be manipulated.
The black attendant at the studio signs all the movie stars' "autographed" photos.
The signs on the wall say "Positively No Smoking", but everybody smokes anyway.
Even the titles of the film (which are illustrated nicely) emphasize everything fake about the movie-making life.Movie star Driscoll is just as disenchanted with the ho-hum of everyday film-making.
He makes a temporary split from girlfriend Vivian (June Elvidge) to pursue this "exciting" country girl.
His plans are dashed when Mary's screen-test is a stinker.
We don't get to see the actual film, but only the audience's pained reactions to it.Mary is devastated, but she doesn't want to admit to everyone back home that she was a failure, so she continues to see Driscoll and we she has lunch with him in the studio cafeteria along with other extras dressed as policemen, soldiers, cowboys, etc.Mary decides to stay with Driscoll.
At a party with their movie "friends", she agrees to marry him although there is not much love between them.
Surprisingly, her mother appears, with a cake especially for Mary's birthday.
This causes Mary to re-evaluate her future.This film has all kinds of fascinating scenes of studios, movie sets, dressing rooms, editing rooms, etc.
If you've always wondered what went on behind the scenes when a silent film was being made, this movie peeks behind the curtain.
If you are a fan of Zorro, Indiana Jones, or action in general this is a must-see.
Directed by Republic's ace team of William Witney and John English, and starring Reed Hadley as Don Diego/Zorro, this serial delivers!
I won't bore you with the plot (who cares?
less talking, more fighting); what really matters here is Hadley's superb interpretation of the character/s and the stunt work of Dale van Sickel and Yakima Canutt.
***STUNT SPOILERS FOLLOW ***You can see the influence this film had on Lucas and Spielberg -- Zorro gets caught in the original version of the Star Wars trash compactor in one chapter, trapped on a rope bridge a'la Temple of Doom in another, does a Raiders horse-to-coach transfer and even flees through a tunnel while the baddies knock over a huge water tank and flood the tunnel behind him, exactly as Mola Ram does to Indy in Temple of Doom.
In addition to all this, the whip action is great as Zorro disarms villains, swings to safety, etc.
with his trusty lash.
Most of the sword work is fair to lame, except for chapter one, which features a terrific sword brawl in a cantina choreographed by sword/stunt legend Ralph Faulkner, who makes a rare screen appearance as the evil Rodriguez.
This was the first serial I ever saw, on Matinée at the Bijou when I was a kid and I have been hooked on them ever since.
Zorro's Fighting Legion delivers "Z" goods!
I have seen the movie Holes and say that it has to be the best movie all year long.
It brings out the child in everyone.
I mean who would come up with the idea of having troublesome boys dig holes as their punishment?
Louis Sachar thats who.
Although the movie was different from the book it was still very good.
For example Caveman/Stanley was supposed to be the biggest one there.
Weight wise and height wise but ZigZag/Ricky was taller and Armpit/Theodore was bigger.
Also X-Ray/Rex was supposed to be one of the smallest boys but wasn't.
The only thing that I didn't like about the movie was that the flashbacks were rather persuasive and long.
I would have rather seen more of the present than past but thats just my opinion.
I especially like the work of the boys though.
Like Squid/Alan who was played by Jake M.Smith was supposed to be a moody and tough kid.
Jake M.Smith performed just that and did a great job at it as did almost all of the actors in Holes.
So I would say if you havent seen Holes yet then you should definatly see it when it comes out again or you'll be missing out on a whole lotta fun.
I wouldn't say this is a bad movie; in fact it's pretty typical of the type of film that the "poverty row" studios were releasing at the time.
Filmed for Monogram, Bela Lugosi is very effective in his role as the somewhat demented doctor-scientist, masquerading as a respected member of the community.
In this movie, Bela and his henchmen have the nasty habit of stealing young brides, and, after their demise, injecting Bela's wife with a serum taken from their bodies in order to keep her young.
Lugosi is more than up to the task in making this an enjoyable film, however, the movie suffers from the ultra-wooden acting of co stars Luana Walters and Tristram Coffin.
Coffin (nice name for a guy in a horror flick) is especially bad in this case.
I've seen him in numerous movies and tv shows and he is always the same; stiff, wooden and utterly unconvincing.
Miss Walters is only slightly better, but she too lacks the acting talent to make her role believable.
Still, the viewer can enjoy the great Lugosi act out yet another dastardly scheme only to be foiled in the end!
Despite the poor acting by some, "The Corpse Vanishes" is an enjoyable movie for all to see.
You like to solve mysteries?
You like complex narrations?
This is for you.
Brilliant, clever movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc).
Flashy photo and clever editing is the word of Leclerc, strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who's dythirambic in the lead role.The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur, veterinary in his 40's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown.
Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer's sufferings on the road.
Throughout the struggling, he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.Not spooky, but very mysterious and well played movie.
I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident) but this ending was open to any explanations.I strongly recommend it 9.5/10
This is one of my favorite Govinda movies of all time and best film of 1994.
David Dhawan does a great job in directing this movie, he makes it funny and adds family drama.
Govinda is Excellent as Raja Babu and gives a great performance.
Karishma Kapoor is an actress i hate, this film she is a little less annoying but still annoys in some scenes.
Kader Khan is a maestro in acting and yet gives a superb performance.
Aroona Irani is terrific as the mother and gives a outstanding performance.
Shakti Kapoor is brilliant as Nandu the sidekick.
This film has Comedy, action, family drama and romance a full on entertainer.
The Caprica episode (S01E01) is well done as a pilot.
Really, this episode is the exact same content as the DVD pilot release.
That having been said, episode 01 gives a very substantive background of the very popular "Battlestar Galactica" series (both the original and the 2007 remake).
It significantly applies most to the 2007 series.
As is the trending plots of sci-fi of late, this series explores "Virtual" life or environment.
On top of this, we are given much background on the Adama family line as well as their relationship with the unrevealed (in the Battlestar Galactica series) creator of the Cylons.
To the most part, this first episode revolves around the popular topic of "Virtual" life and (as is expected) early life of the colonies, and the birth of the Cylons.
Over all, I rather enjoyed this episode.
Although, it was not new material for myself or anyone that has already seen the DVD release of the Caprica pilot, the series seems very promising.
As is the case with many pilots, episode 01 leaves us with a cliff-hanger so to ensure a follow by an audience (sci-fi community).
I'm definitely going to keep watching for resolve as well as development.
I give this series 8 stars.
It's hard for me to assign the "fair" number of stars to this film, but I settled on 8 because of its high production values and what was, in 1968, an innovative approach to the war film.
Remember too that I haven't seen it since 1969.
But it did make a strong impression.The Long Day's Dying must be one of the most vivid antiwar films ever made.
It achieves this simply by portraying in extremely realistic terms the actions of a handful of soldiers in Northwestern Europe in 1944-45.
No film before this one showed war at the infantry squad level with so much brutal detail, and all in a coldly dispassionate way that lets the actions speak for themselves.
There is no preaching, no sentimentality, no comic relief, no complicated scenarios.Unfortunately, there's no subtlety either.
Partly because of their situation - trying to stay alive - the characters come across as flat, familiar cliché's.
As "entertainment," the film doesn't make it, though it was clearly not intended to "entertain."
It was intended to slug you over the head with the misery and horror of World War II and modern war in general.
This was twenty years before Platoon and thirty before Saving Private Ryan, both of which are far more "watchable" films.
Here the flat and generally disagreeable characters, the lack of an actual plot, and the realistically unpleasant images (including what may be the first on-screen vomit in theatrical history) make the film hard to sit through, though it is only 95 minutes.So, 10 stars for production and realism, 4 stars for the feeling you'll have when it's over, a bonus star for having its heart in the right place.
Average: 8.Like Carl Foreman's underrated "The Victors," an equally downbeat but more interesting and thought-provoking film, The Long Day's Dying seems not to be on DVD.
Why not?
Both films have been on cable a number of times.
"Dressed To Kill", is one of the best thrillers ever made.
Its dealings with sex and violence make this a film for adults.
Brian De Palma, once again, proves why no other director can match his use of the camera to tell a story.
He directs many scenes without dialog, and he tells much of his story, strictly through the use of his visuals, and Pino Donnagio's brilliant score.
Filmed in Panavision, the film MUST be seen in widescreen, as De Palma uses the entire width of the film to tell his story.
Cropped, on video, "Dressed To Kill", is barely the same movie.
Solid performances from its cast, superb direction, and, perhaps, the finest film score ever written, make "Dressed To Kill" a must see.
I watch movies for a living, picking out which ones are good enough to distribute... Tossing aside those that don't make the cut.
I'm not saying that I know more than anyone else based on this, I'm just leading you to how I came to watch "The Gospel of Lou"... Anyways...
So many bad movies land on my desk and I actually sit through all of them.
I don't actually "watch" everything, usually I just look over at the TV occasionally while I'm working the scan for production value, performance, and how well the story is being presented.
If something catches my eye I'll take the time to watch it.
"Lou" drew me in during the first few minutes where I closed my laptop and wheeled my chair over to the TV so I could completely tune in.
Needless to say I was enthralled throughout the whole movie.
The story is told well, the characters are either endearing or repulsive (depending of course on the actor and directors intention for the character) and all very well played.
At times I caught occasional amateur mistakes in the camera work and editing, but the emotional nature of the story make these faults easy to dismiss.
I've heard other people's comments say that at times the film brought tears to their eyes, other time extreme elation...
I was laughing one minute and crying the next and was incredibly touched by this movie.
Sadly I was unable to acquire it because I was - as the saying goes - a week late and a dollar short.
That's the way it goes sometimes... but at least I had the pleasure of seeing this one and I can't wait to see what kind of response it gets.
Good luck and great fortune to you Bret Carr (if you read this), you are without a doubt a talent to watch for.
The title got my attention and then I wondered what will come out in the plot, as we have seen so many "super-people" movies these years... and in fact, I really liked it, as there were a number of unusual funny scenes that I didn't expect.
Uma Thurman performed as average in G-Girl's role.
Surprisingly, I was again able to watch her toes in wide screen (like in the beginning of Kill Bill).
Luke Wilson however played very well the idiot everyday guy who meets the big woman, I could really get into his situation.
If you want a light touch of fun, you should definitely watch G-Girl's and average Matt's adventures, especially to cheer up your partner.
7/10 in my collection.
Typically, "kids" films have some annoying quality to it that makes it way too sappy and unbearable for someone over 13.
But then again, that's before Holes hit the scene.
Sure, it has the very same moments that often times give a kids movie its aforementioned quality, but this film does a good job of staying away from such conventions.
The acting was decent, and the uneasy dynamics that Stanley had with some of the other campers was more realistic than what most movies seek to portray.
What I especially liked about this movie was the fact that this film didn't try to break your heart or make you cry.
The emotional power was a little more natural than most would imagine, kind of like The Shawshank Redemption in many ways (which Holes also has a similar, redemptive ending to it).
The only down side?
The hokey looking lizards.
Overall, however, an 8/10.
Without a doubt, 12 MONKEYS is one of the best films of the Sci-fi genre and director Terry Gilliam is no stranger at pulling off such cinematic originality.
An apocalyptic film that holds you completely spellbound, 12 MONKEYS never lets up and has you guessing all the way throughout.
Excellent use of Philadelphia locales and netherworld sets create a gothic sense of tragedy and two people caught in time at the wrong place.Bruce Willis escapes his macho image and portrays a true loony who happens to be right about all that will happen.
He is actually sane, but the people of the future (or present if you will) distort this guy's head so bad through time travel, no wonder he unravels.
He gets sent to World War I just after beng sent to the wrong year to find out how the Army of the Twelve Monkeys pulls off the annihilation of civilization as we know it.
They finally get it right and in what is truly a remarkable screenplay to match the performance, we get to see Willis, Madeleine Stowe and an ominous Brad Pitt cross-referenced over the course of 6 years.Stowe is sensual and solid as the risk-taking shrink who slowly starts to realize that Willis may not be as cracked up as he seems.
A captivating element of the relationship between her and Willis is their sense of "seeing" each other before, in another place or time.
12 MONKEYS is essentially about time and the madness the futuristic people immerse into it and the times of the present, when killers and a psychotic genius can alter the world.The brooding city of Philadelphia is a dark and gothic backdrop for Willis' plight to complete his mission which is, against all usual Hollywood stereotype, NOT to save the world.
He is gathering information.
The film plays tricks on the viewer as well, placing Willis in a new setting at the drop of a pin.
This must have been an extremely difficult picture to make but Gilliam seems to be the master of hard-boiled movie making.
He even drops in some humor reminiscent of other great works like TIME BANDITS, and BRAZIL.
The screen is this man's canvas and he knows how to paint a sometimes terrifying picture of the world and its possible future within the mainstream atmosphere of big-budget films.
If you want sincere madness and ironic tragedy, see 12 MONKEYS.RATING: 9 of 10
Terry Gilliam's stunning feature-length adaptation of Chris Marker's short film LA JETEE is full of mind-bending surprises, yet still touches your heart thanks to the superb cast.
Gilliam's flair for the phantasmagorical works with the script by David and Janet Peoples to play with your head as much as it does with poor James Cole (Willis at his most Steve McQueen-like -- better than McQueen, even!
), a time-traveling convict from the future who literally doesn't know whether he's coming or going as a team of scientists keeps sending him back to the wrong eras while trying to prevent a 1995 plague that's deadly to humans but harmless to animals.
Willis, the justifiably Oscar-nominated Brad Pitt, and Madeline Stowe as a well-meaning psychiatrist give some of the best performances of their careers.
Even Paul Buckmaster's tango-style score is haunting.
This one's a don't-miss!
I am currently doing film studies at A.S level and "this is not a love song" is a film we watched and in my opinion it is a film with a very simple storyline but a complex back-story.
If you scratch the surface you will find a thriller-chase film of two men running through the countryside from farmers, after committing a murder:-"sounds quite exiting".However you need to dig deeper to uncover the true feeling of the true genre.
As it is suggested, it is a love story between two homosexual lovers, filled with trust, deceit and betrayal.
We are not told about this "love" directly through the film but the events that happen through out, for example the way Heaton acts towards Spike almost screams this untouched love affair in our faces.Overall this film is a good example of why British films should not be dismissed as "rubbish" just because they are done on a low budget.A Good film with an intricate story line, however it is definitely an acquired taste and is possibly not suitable for the average fan of Hollywood blockbusters.
On the day of the California Presidential Primary, between midnight and 1:00 AM, the spy Victor Rovner sends a message from Kuala Lumpur to USA.
Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, the Federal Agent Jack Bauer has returned to his family and is having trouble at home with his teenage daughter Kimberly, who blames her mother Teri for putting Jack out of the house.
Teri and Jack decide to have a serious conversation with Kim, and they discover that the girl has run away home.
While trying to solve his domestic problem, Jack is called to his Counter Terrorist Unit by his colleague Nina Myers for a meeting with their chief Richard Walsh, who discloses a menace against the life of Senator David Palmer, who is running for president, and they need to find the shooter.
Later, Walsh has a private conversation with Jack and tells that there is a conspiracy in the agency against David Palmer, and assigns Jack to find the conspirators.
When an airplane explodes over the Mojave Desert, Jack has one additional issue to worry about.The first episode of "24" is a promising beginning of a successful series, introducing Jack Bauer.
This is the first time that I have watched this show and I confess that I liked what I have seen: a complex and dramatic story, with multiple and realistic characters.
Kiefer Sutherland is perfect in the role of a family man and a reliable agent in charge of three difficult missions at the same time: find a killer to protect an important politician; find a traitor in his agency; and find his teenage daughter, who is getting in trouble, while trying to save his marriage.
My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): "12:00"
When I heard about "Hammerhead" being released on DVD and finally found it at my local DVD store, I thought "well, just another cheap monster movie from Nu Image".
Those guys around Boaz Davidson and Avi Lerner produced cheap but very entertaining B - Pictures in the past few months but also some very disappointing movies.
So I didn't expect much, especially after having watched the rather disappointing "Shark Zone" just a few days before.
But "Hammerhead" turned out to be an excellent revival of the 1950s monster movies.
We have a mad scientist, a group of people in a dangerous situation, screaming women and damsels in distress, man-eating plants and of course we have the creature, a huge mutant mix between a man and a hammerhead shark.
Everything you need for an entertaining monster movie.
The only thing missing are graphic sex scenes and nudity which you expect in movies of this kind, but since the movie was made for TV it's understandable why these scenes are missing.
And it doesn't matter anyway cause "Hammerhead" is action and horror entertainment at it's best.
There are two reasons why I gave it seven out of ten points, though: First of all, the monster isn't seen very often and the showdown with the destruction of the creature is too fast and poorly done, and secondly, William Forsythe just isn't the right guy for the "hero" part and for falling in love with gorgeous Hunter Tylo.
Other than that, I can highly recommend this movie for any monster movie fan out there.
Grab yourselves a cool drink and some popcorn, watch this movie and have fun.
Jasper P. Morgan
As did others in this forum, when "Fobidden Planet" was offered in 1956, I rushed to see it.
This story is an interesting phenomenon I suggest because young, old, male, female, sci-fi experts and people who find such fare 'way out" all can follow and enjoy this film's story and plot lines very well.
This is the first movie set on a planet other than Earth in the 20th Century other than serials such as "Flash Gordon".
Leslie Nielsen was vocally a bit weak for his role, at that time, but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman and especially Warren Stevens all acquitted themselves very well.
There are so many visual splendors in this one, it's hard to choose a favorite from the film's scenes.
The approach to Altair-4, the starship itself, the landing on the planet's alien surface, the descent via extensor stairs, the first view of the landscape, the approach of the rocket-sled, Dr. Morbius's house seen from without and from within, the underground complex and its wonders, the setup of the weaponry, the battle with the monster, the final approach of the unseen destroyer,the escape from the doomed planet--all these scenes are etched into the viewer's mind because we discover them along with the participants.
Veteran Cyril Hume's literate script was filmed intelligently by long-time director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination.
it is a shock to realize there's no music at all; the film is carried by the words, the actors and the mystery-revelation storyline.
It can be watched again and again with pleasure--I have been doing so for nearly fifty years.
Until this famous and well-loved film was created, no film had tried to imagine a world beyond Earth; and for decades afterward, ships kept crashing back on the planet--as if the writers' imaginations were failing and causing the crashes.
Still the best, many say.
That says something negative about this nation's so-called intellectual leaders' imaginations--and something very positive indeed I suggest about those who made this gem.
Hood of the Living Dead had a lot to live up to even before the opening credits began.
First, any play on "...of the living dead" invokes His Holiness Mr. Romero and instantly sets up a high standard to which many movies cannot afford to aspire.
And second, my movie-watching companion professed doubt that any urban horror film would surpass the seminal Leprechaun In the Hood.
Skeptical, we settled in to watch.
We were rewarded with a surprisingly sincere and good-hearted zombie film.
Oh, certainly the budget is low, and of course the directors' amateurs friends populate the cast, but Hood of the Living Dead loves zombie cinema.
Cheap?
Yeah.
But when it's this cheap, you can clearly see where LOVE holds it together.
Ricky works in a lab during the day and as a surrogate parent to his younger brother at night.
He dreams of moving out of Oakland.
Before this planned escape, however, his brother is shot to death in a drive-by.
Ricky's keen scientific mind presents an option superior to CPR or 911: injections of his lab's experimental regenerative formula.
Sadly, little bro wakes up in an ambulance as a bloodthirsty Oakland zombie!
Chaos and mayhem!
I think it's more economical to eat your enemies than take vengeance in a drive-by, but then again, I'm a poor judge of the complexities of urban life.
(How poor a judge?
In response to a gory scene involving four men, I opined "Ah-ha!
White t-shirts on everyone so the blood shows up.
Economical!
I used the same technique in my own low-budget horror film."
Jordan replied, "No, that's gang dress.
White t-shirts were banned from New Orleans bars for a time as a result."
Oh.
)A lot of the movie is set in someone's living room, so there's a great deal of hanging out and waiting for the zombies.
But the characters are sympathetic and the movie is sincere-- it surpasses its budget in spirit.
Zombie explanation: When man plays God, zombies arise!
Or, perhaps: Follow FDA-approved testing rules before human experimentation!
Contribution to the zombie canon: This is the first zombie movie I've seen with a drive-by shooting.
As far as the actual zombies go, infection is spread with a bite as usual, but quite unusually head shots don't work-- it's heart shots that kill.
Zombies have pulses, the absence of which proves true death.
And these zombies make pretty cool jaguar-growl noises.
Gratuitous zombie movie in-joke: A mercenary named Romero.
Groan.
Favorite zombie: Jaguar-noise little brother zombie, of course!
The Cameraman's Revenge is an unusual short not because of the subject matter (adultery) or because it's animated (Winsor McCay had introduced Little Nemo on film by this time) but because it depicts bugs to tell the story!
Ladislaw Starewicz had originally wanted to film actual bugs fighting but couldn't get them to do it on camera because of the hot lights they suffered through so he took dead ones and started using stop-motion techniques to manipulate movements to his satisfaction.
This short does a good job of putting human characteristics on little creatures such as riding motorcycles, painting, filming, kissing, and dancing.
Starewicz would also make Frogland (1922) and The Mascot (1933) but his first notable work would be this one.
If you're interested in this and the other shorts mentioned, check your local library to borrow the DVD The Cameraman't Revenge and Other Fantastic Tales from Image Entertainment.
I keep watching this movie over and over and over.
I have to watch it at least once a week.
I am from Africa and looking at that movie taught me some things that I didn't even know about Africa.
Denzel's movies are all full of lessons for people of walks of life.
I wish he was my own brother.
I have also seen and love your Masala Mississipi.
What a thrilling situation.
When Denzel was trying to hook his brother up on the job, reminds me of my teen ages when my brother was always mad with me about getting myself busy all the time.
My brother was always caring for my old father and he wants to see me the same way too.
By the way where did Denzel get that African accent from in the Cry Freedom movie?
I have first seen that movie in Africa and I didn't know then that Denzel was American till I moved down here.
Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well acted and shot, is is, at best, a Cliffs Notes version of Bettie's biography.
The film mainly centers on her work with Irving and Paula Klaw, the brother and sister team who produced the bulk of her most famous photos.
It does not detail her life after posing, aside from her religious rebirth.
It cites "The Real Bettie Page", by Richard Foster as a source, but it ignores Bettie's later years of mental illness and incarceration in a mental hospital.
The narrow focus of the biography can be debated, but the majority of Bettie's fans and the "civilians" would probably be more interested in her modeling career, which is what they get.The film is well acted, with Gretchen Mol faithfully reproducing the look of Bettie, as well as conveying the sweetness that her photos exuded.
The character is played as rather naive, a probable byproduct of interviews given by Bettie in recent years.
It is more likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photos but rationalized it as acting and costumes.The supporting cast is also outstanding, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing Irving and Paula Klaw, and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver.
The film errs with the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris.
John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in photo shoots with the Klaws.
Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his more debauched state.Despite the quality of acting, the film is a bit of a disappointment in terms of depth.
The story is rather cursory and we never feel that we truly get to know Bettie.
Much like her photos, it's just an image.
It does tend to exaggerate Bettie's notoriety.
Her photos were mainly seen in and around New York, in a very narrow market of underground and cultish publications.
Her real fame came after her photos were reprinted in the late 70's and 80's, and the Cult of Betty Page (as her name was usually spelled) grew.
Bettie's greatest exposure (pardon the pun) was in Playboy, appearing in the January 1955 issue (the Christmas photo, which is staged in reverse in the film).The film is well done, if rather shallow.
It is able to sustain interest until the end and showcases many fine performances.
It hits the high points of Bettie's life, but ignores many details which would have given it far greater depth.
The ending is rather a let down.
It feels rather abrupt.
Still, the movie is definitely worth viewing by anyone interested in Bettie, or even the time period.
The soundtrack is great, really pulling the viewer into the 1950's.
If nothing else, the film stands as a showcase for America's burgeoning sexuality and the clash with its Puritan past.
It's also a peek at an icon for both men and women.
I was electrified when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984.
Steven Biko is gone half way through the film but the resonance of his courage and wisdom is not forgotten.
I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993.
It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty.
When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal sing Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika, my hair stood on its ends.
There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples.
If in the 90's you're adapting a book written in the 50's, set the bloody thing in the 50's and not the '90's.
See, 40 year old mores and values tend not to play as well, or ring as true, that far down the road.
It's a simple rule that Hollywood habitually keeps violating.
And that's the problem with this film.
It should have been set in the era it was written in.
You'd think that would be a no-brainer, but nooo.
I'd elaborate, but bmacv's comment spells it out quite well.
I'll limit my commentary to Rachel Ward.
She looks like she dieted her ass completely out of existence for this role.
As a result, she looks like a crack ho' on chemotherapy, and is about as sexy as a gay leather couch in drag.
I found her "I could die at any moment" look quite disconcerting, and it greatly detracted from her supposed "hotness" and the "sexual tension" the film intended to create.
Other than that, the film was quite good; a 7+ out of 10.
I really enjoyed this film because I have a tremendous interest in American History... the Antebellum years and the Civil War in particular.
I purchased it recently from a rack of previously-viewed videos on sale at the supermarket and I was very glad to add this one to my history video collection.
Though not of the caliber of Civil War films such as "Glory" or "Gettysburg," provides a lot of history on the pre-Civil War brotherhood among cadets at West Point.Maybe it's the gray uniforms, the youth, or the military discipline, but I am fascinated by the story of the Corps of Cadets from around 1830 to the brink of the War.
I imagine what it must have been like to sit in a classroom with other young men, learning how to make war, then later putting the lessons to use against your own classmates!Actually, there were two classes graduated in 1861: one class in May, the other in June.
the movie makes no real mention of this, except to mention Henry A. DuPont, first graduate of the May Class; and George Custer, last grad of the June Class.
the reason for the two classes was not so much about the war, but it was the result of switching back to a four-year course of study, after a few years of experimenting with a five-year course (I think the first class had attended five years, the other for four).
As the movie portrays, cadets were like brothers and often had nicknames for each other... George "Fanny" or "Autie" Custer; Alonzo "Lon" Cushing; James "Beauty" Stuart (for J.E.B.
Stuart, class of 1854), etc.I say this film is "Santa Fe Trail" as it should have been because that 1940 film, while enjoyable, really fudges history.
Cadets from several different classes are all graduating together.
JEB Stuart and George Custer are portrayed as the best of friends and are side-by-side in stopping John Brown's 1859 insurrection at Harper's Ferry.
In fact, Stuart and Custer were never friends, but enemies during the War.
They faced each other (for the first time, I think) at Gettysburg in 1863 (Stuart was at the Harper's ferry Raid, but Custer was still a cadet at the Point when it took place).
"Fanny" Custer plays a role in "Class of '61," though his classmate chums, Dev O'Neill and Shelby Peyton are fictional.
I believe they are respectively based on Partick Henry O'Rorke and John Pelham, two people you can look up.Anyway, I truly enjoy this film or any film which provides a window into mid-19th Century America.
Lost is largely considered one of the most beautiful TV series that have never done ... and so is ... if you lovers of mysteries, intrigue and adventure this is the series for you ...In the first season ... since the first episode starts to go increasingly to move forward until you get to the second season ... in the second you lose a little its cocktail of mystery and expectation and pushes very on and reveal the various mysteries that the island hides ... the third season is perhaps the second most beautiful because resumed suffered since the first episode with the pace and tenacity of the first season ... the fourth also not let pass unnoticed and tends to reveal a little mysteries ... but not as the second season but at a somewhat different ... For the fifth season expects ...
Director Douglas Sirk scores again with this, the grandaddy of all dysfunctional family films.
This lush, trashy saga is a masterpiece, beautifully combining all of the elements of Sirk's soapers and strategically placing them all into one movie.
"Written on the Wind" very obviously influenced the 1980s TV series "Dallas" and "Dynasty", as this is basically a feature-length version of those later nighttime soaps.Lauren Bacall, wonderfully and subtly, plays Lucy Moore, a New York City secretary who marries oil baron, Kyle Hadley (Robert Stack).
Unbeknownst to both of them, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is also in love with the quiet, but sexy secretary.
They all go back to Kyle's family's mansion in Texas where we meet his white trash slut-of-a-sister, Marylee (Dorothy Malone in an Oscar-winning turn).
Yipee!
The sparks begin to fly - from the romances to the catfights, this is a campy trip.
Not only does Mitch have to fight the feelings he has for his best friend's wife, but Marylee tries to sleep with everybody since she can't have her one true love who is Mitch.
Topping it all off, Kyle learns he's impotent, but somehow Lucy ends up pregnant.This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment.
How can you not love it?
This film signals one of Universal's most popular films and one of director Sirk's best works.
Some of the dialogue is absolutely sizzling and visual metaphors are thrown in every which way - the theme of wind throughout is great.
The cast is great, although Bacall is completely underused despite receiving top-billing behind Hudson.
Stack's Oscar loss reportedly devastated him.
He considered this his finest performance and apparently was none too pleased to lose out.
And he did turn out a fabulous performance as the whimpering alcoholic.
What a stunning movie!
This film proves what I've been thinking for ages - Sirk is the master of classic melodrama.
Where's his Oscar?
WARNING!!!
TONS OF DEAD GIVEAWAYS!!!
DON'T READ IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THIS SERIES!
OR YOU CAN, WHATEVER.They're are few words to describe a movie that claims to be the last and comes out with another; Liars, Cheats, maybe even some words that can't be uttered.
But When Elm Street 6: Freddy's Dead shows everyone who thought the series got old, and wanted to stop seeing him, or people who wanted their hero (or Villian) just stops for his final breath, This film was it.This film starts with a parody of Wizard of Oz, Then you see a kid who is named only as John Doe, Who is the last child in Springwood, Ohio, leaves and gets out of Freddy territory.
A woman who resides at a hospital/ place to get kids off their feet kind of place meets this boy, and at the same time, has a dream about a man, a water tower, and a promise of a secret floating in her mind, goes back to Springwood to figure out this frightening vision, and soon finds out that she is Freddy's child, And we soon find out that Freddy can only leave Springwood if his daughter can be a sort of host for him.
And beyond that, fright ensues.
This film seems to hit the nail on the head of everything you wanted to know.This film has tons of humor, and cameo appearences, like Rosanne Barr and Tom Arnold, Alice Cooper, Johnny Depp, and a very young Breckin Meyer playing a teenage stoner who sees psychadelic vision of flowers and Iron Butterfly's "In-a-gadda-da-vida", then gets stuck in a super Mario parody of sorts.
This film will either make you hate this movie, or like Krueger even more.
The best of the best.
Gender Bender sexes things up a bit for the x-files.
This episode has an interesting premise, a good story, but an ending that is wanting.
Gender Bender is also the x-files debut for actor Nicholas Lea, better known as Alex Krycek.
In this episode he plays Michael, a man attacked by one of "The Kindred".
You need to see this episode just to see Nic Lea's less than spectacular beginning.
An interesting thing about the Kindred's "power of seduction".
When Marty does it to his victims, they become turned onto him/her.
However, when Andrew seduces Scully, she only because disoriented and groggy, and does not become attracted to Andrew.
Maybe it's because Marty has more experience at it than Andrew.
This episode reminds me of why it would sometimes be miserable to film up in British Columbia.
Throughout the episode it is so wet, soggy, and muddy, it could not have been that much fun.
Despite the disappointing ending, Gender Bender is still a decent episode to view.
For animation buffs it's a must, but even general audiences will enjoy THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE, a very early example of 'pixilation' by the hard-working pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz.
Starewicz and his helpers painstakingly manipulated a cast of flexible insect figures to tell this story, paving the way for the likes of Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen, and legions of modern digital effect creators.THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is only about 10 minutes long, but packs in lots of amusing detail as the story follows the amorous adventures of two beetles from their home to a nightclub, a hotel, a cinema, and, eventually, a prison cell.
There are two brief dance numbers at the nightclub (performed by a frog and a dragonfly), a scuffle between a beetle and a grasshopper, and a large-scale donnybrook at the cinema, which ends with the projector bursting into flames.
Pretty elaborate goings-on for 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay were just getting started, and Walt Disney was still in grade school!It's interesting to note, too, what an impact the alteration of a silent movie's title cards can have on the story being told.
I've seen two versions of this film offered by two video companies, and watched them back-to-back, and although the image content itself is almost identical, two different sets of intertitles tell two very different stories.
(And the plot outline someone provided above tells yet a third story, which suggests that there's another version out there somewhere.)
The British Film Institute's print, which has rhyming intertitles, tells the story of two sibling beetles, each secretly married, who hide this information from one another in order to inherit their late father's fortune.
The other, Russian print, tells a simpler story of married beetles who are each guilty of infidelity.
In the Russian version Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend at the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, while in the English version brother Bill Beetle visits his wife at the music-hall.
Personally, I prefer the straightforward-- and spicier --Russian story; the BFI version tries to cram too much plot into what should be a simple tale, and some of the rhymes are a bit awkward.Still, in any rendition, THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is a delightful film, and would make an ideal lead-in to that other great animated work which features beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
This is a great game!
Okay perhaps it didn't have some of the features it was meant to have but Digital Anvil have still come up with a good game.
There is a certain similarity to Elite(you can trade, pick up weapons and cargo off destroyed ships, go on missions)however this game features a heavily scripted mission.
It is a great mission.
The control system is different it uses the mouse!
You basically fly you spaceship around a system and work your way up!
The game features some pretty good graphics even through it was made in 2003.
It should run well on even a modestly specified PC.
The story features some great voice acting from John Rhys Davies, George Takei, Jennifer Hale(she appears in every computer game).
Stick with the story it gets better and better as it goes on.
There is even a race section, where you and an opponent have to race your spaceships around a course(it involves you going through rings).
This section took me a while to beat.
It adds variety to the game.
Some sections are a little tough here and there but overall you can beat this game.
The game has an active mod scene on the Net.
Pick up some mods to extend the game.
I haven't played any of the mods yet.
Sadly a sequel to this was cancelled, a shame!
Maybe I'm a sap but this is the sweetest movies ever!
I saw it for the first time when I was around 4 or 5, and I cried my eyes out.
Between then and now (embarrassed at age 15) I have seen it over 25 times and have sobbed each and every one of them.
Don't worry they're tears of happiness!
And it's not all sap!
There's a lot of humor and comedy in it too.
Usually the whole talking animal thing can be a huge drag but in this movie it's not the case.
My only word of advice: Even if you love this-Don't see the sequal...cornyness!
I suggest everyone checks this out...you won't be sorry, no matter how old or young you are!
If your a hard core Freddy fan then you might not like it.
This seems to be a spoof of the nightmare series.
Not much to see here.
The only reason it holds it self up is the back story on Freddy.The one thing that is always great in Nightmare movies are the death scenes.
But the death scenes were very crappy in this.
The visual effects were great and the acting was OK but the back story was excellent.
Basically Freddy's story comes full circle in this.I have read bad reviews for this but i actually enjoyed this despite its many flaws: 1.
A Nightmare on Elm Street.
(8/10) 2.
Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare.
(7/10) 3.
A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master.
(7/10) 4.
A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: The Dream Warriors.
(7/10) 5.
A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child.
(6/10) 6.
A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge.
(3/10) I recommend it if you enjoy the series.
This is were Freddy is fully explained but thats all there is.
Next on my list Wes Cravens New Nightmare.
(7/10)
Eye in the Labyrinth is not your average Giallo...and to be honest, I'm not really sure that it really is a Giallo; but Giallo or not, despite some problems, this is certainly a very interesting little film.
I'm hesitant to call it a Giallo because the film doesn't feature most of the things that make these films what they are; but many genre entries break the mould, and this would seem to be one of them.
The film doesn't feature any brutal murders as many Giallo's do, but this is made up for with a surreal atmosphere and a plot just about confusing enough to remain interesting for the duration.
The plot seems simple enough in that it focuses on a doctor who is murdered by Julie, his patient who, for some reason, she sees him as her lover and father and is offended when he walks out on her.
We then relocate to a big house lived in by a number of people, but nothing is really what it seems as there are a number of secrets surrounding various events that happened before Julie's arrival...The film seems to be professing something about how the mind is like a labyrinth.
This never really comes off, and I preferred to just sit back and enjoy what was going on rather than worrying about what point (if any) the film is trying to make.
Eye in the Labyrinth is directed by Mario Caiano, the director behind the excellent Night of the Doomed some years earlier.
He doesn't create the atmosphere as well in this film as he did in the earlier one; but the surreal aspects of the story come off well, and the mystery is always kept up which stops the film from becoming boring.
The film stars Rosemary Dexter, who provides eye candy throughout and also delivers a good performance.
Most of the rest of the cast aren't really worth mentioning, with the exceptions of Adolfo Celi, who is good as the villain of the piece and Alida Valli, whom cult fans will remember from a whole host of excellent cult flicks.
The film does explain itself at the end; which is lucky as I'm sure I'm not the only viewer who was more than a little confused by then!
Overall, this may not be classic stuff; but its good enough and worth seeing.
I've just watch 2 films of Pang brothers, The Eye and One take only.
When I watched The Eye, I was kind of disappointed about this two guys, who I had heard good words about them before.
That film (The Eye) has a really bad script, especially the ending (childish,cliche and too coincident in my opinion) , but its still good in photography and experimental images.
So I decided to see One take only and I didn't disappointed again.
Still great photography, stunning image, MTV-style editing, cool music and this time,the story has a lot of indie spirit,logical and beautiful, you'll see some tiny plot holes, but it doesn't cause any trouble with the storyline.
The only problem about this film is I get a bad DVD.
Hey guys, i have been looking every where to find these two movies and i can't find them anywhere in my local area.
(I am Australian).
Could You please help me and tell me where i can buy it from.
In General Home Ward Bound 1 and 2 are the best movies i have ever seen and are good for people of all ages.
It was my favourite movie wen i was 5 and it still is even now when i am a teenager.
It is a great movie for the whole family.
My entire family loves this movie except for my younger sister because i have watched it that many times that she is sick of it.
I love this movie and i cant wait till i can buy it again on DVD.Sally
I am amazed that movies like this can still be made.
I watch all kinds of movies all the time with my friends and i can say that this is one of the best i ever seen.
Never thinked that a movie of 146 minutes can make me think about it on and on.Washington, charismatic and intense as ever, plays Creasy, a washed-up ex-counter-terrorist agent who's taken to the bottle.
Once he's assigned to protect young Pita (Dakota Fanning) in Mexico City, his emotional and redemptive arc is jump-started in the way only an adorable little girl can provide.
Inevitably, Pita is kidnapped by thugs, and Creasy decides that most of Mexico City must pay the price for daring to take away his character's teddy-bear-clutching catalyst.
Yes, he has become...a Man on Fire.
You must see this movie.
Sunday would not be Sunday without an action movie, and when you want intense combat, you turn to Tom Berenger (Platoon).Here he plays a sniper in the jungle going after rebels and drug lords.
Life's a bitch, so he gets a green office type (Billy Zane) to help on the mission.The film is in the hands of Luis Llosa, who stunk up Anaconda.
he doesn't do much better here, but Berenger makes the movie worthwhile.Sure, it may be a little long - who wants to see a lot of walking through the jungle, but is is good, tense action when the time is right.
Ok the film wasn't going to win any awards and it is pure bubblegum, and it is a modern update on "It's a wonderful life".
But it's just come out as a cheap release on DVD and there are a lot worse ways of blowing $13.
You get a film that has a surprisingly strong cast but for most they were still a year or two from becoming B list celebs.
However it's an enjoyable way of passing an hour and half just don't think too much in it.
Does any one know what the 2 sports cars were?
I think Robert Stack's might have been a Masseratti.Rock Hudson's character told his father he was taking a job in Iraq ,isn't that timely?
I have had Dorthy Malone in my spank bank most of my life ,maybe this was the film that impressed me.Loren Bacall sure did have some chops in this film and probably out-acted Malone but Malones's part made a more sensational impact so she got the Oscar for best supporting role.Was Loren's part considered a leading role?Old man Hadley character was was probably a pretty common picture of tycoons of his era in that he was a regular guy who made it big in an emerging industry but in building a whole town he had forgotten his children to have his wife bring them up.In time,being widowed he realized that they were all he really had and they were spoiled rotten,looking for attention,so rather than try to relate to his children he blew his head off.An ancient morality tale.But seriously,what were those sports cars?
So, Fox pulled the plug midway through a drama/mystery...How lame is that?
Do they expect us to invest our time in their new shows when there is a realistic risk of never finding out what happens?
Why weren't the remaining, already filmed episodes aired in the US?
They were broadcast elsewhere.Hey, Fox!
Are you listening?
This was a great show, but you left us hanging.
If you're going to introduce new drama/mysteries, at least air a conclusion before abruptly ending mid-theme.
Every time something like this happens (and it seems to happen a lot with you - i.e., Fox), there are more of those who will "wait and see" before investing their time.
This means you will see an artificially low interest share, and are more likely to end the series.
See?
It is a vicious cycle.
Don't let us down again...
Shintarô Katsu, best known for the Zatôichi films, again stars in this third and final movie in the Kenji Misumi (mostly known for "Lone Wolf and Cub), directed saga of Hanzo 'The Razor' Itami feature the big dicked one battling ninjas, rapeing 'ghosts', and uncovering shady goings on at the Shogunate treasury.
The Hanzo 'plot' was kinda getting stale and repetitive.
What was once novel in the first film, was not any longer.
Fortunately, this one was better then the second thanks to having more humor.
I'm just glad that they choose to stop at the one trilogy (I'm looking at YOU Lucas) My Grade: B DVD Extras: Merely Trailers for all 3 Hanzo the Razor films Eye Candy: Aoi Nakajima unleashes both tits, Mako Midori just her left one
"The sweet is never as sweet without the sour."
This quote was essentially the theme for the movie in my opinion.
Tom Cruise plays a young man who was handed everything in his life.
He takes things for granted and it comes around full swing in this great movie with a superb twist.
This film will keep you engaged in the plot and unable to pause it to take a bathroom break.Its a movie that really makes you step back and look at your life and how you live it.
You cannot really appreciate the better things in life (the sweet), like love, until you have experienced the bad (the sour).
The theme will really get you to "open your eyes".Only complaint is that the movie gets very twisted at points and is hard to really understand.
I think the end is perfect though.
I recommend you watch it and see for yourself.
How strange the human mind is; this center of activity wherein perceptions of reality are formed and stored, and in which one's view of the world hinges on the finely tuned functioning of the brain, this most delicate and intricate processor of all things sensory.
And how much do we really know of it's inner-workings, of it's depth or capacity?
What is it in the mind that allows us to discern between reality and a dream?
Or can we?
Perhaps our sense of reality is no more than an impression of what we actually see, like looking at a painting by Monet, in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality.
It's a concept visited by filmmaker Cameron Crowe in his highly imaginative and consciousness-altering film, `Vanilla Sky,' starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz.
At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits a publishing empire left to him by his father.
His fifty-one percent controlling interest, however, has made him something of a marked man, as there are seven members of his board of directors, and each deems himself more worthy than the young Mr. Aames of the lion's share of the company.
And fueling the fires of discontent is their perception that David lacks the focus the job requires.Admittedly, David likes to play; still, he's in control of the business and does what he sees fit, whether the board (he refers to them as the `Seven Dwarfs') likes it or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly.
But during a lavish birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that the seven are up to something behind his back.
At the time, however, it's the last thing on David's mind; he's been having a casual affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even that moves to the back burner when he meets a woman at his party that he can't get out of his mind.
Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after knowing her for only one night, she becomes a pivotal part of his life-- which is about to be turned upside down, as on the morning after his party he makes a decision that will change his life forever.
And he is about to learn that sometimes, there is simply no going back.Director Cameron Crowe has crafted and delivered much more than just another film with this one; far more than a movie, `Vanilla Sky' is a vision realized.
Beginning with the first images that appear on screen, he presents a visually stunning experience that is both viscerally and cerebrally affecting.
It's a mind-twisting mystery that will swallow you up and sweep you away; emotionally, it's a rush-- and it may leave you exhausted, because it requires some effort to stay with it.
But it's worth it.
Think `Memento' with a driving rock n' roll soundtrack and a vibrant assault of colors proffered by the stroke of an impressionist's brush.
There's darkness and light, and sounds that pound and drive until you can feel the blood rushing through your veins and throbbing in your brain.
And all played out on a landscape of virtual reality swirling beneath that ever expanding vanilla sky.
Simply put, this one's a real trip; it's exciting-- and it's a mind bender.As to the performances here, those who can't get past the mind-set of Tom Cruise as Maverick in `Top Gun,' or his Ethan Hunt in `Mission Impossible,' or those who perceive him only as a `movie star' rather than an actor, are going to have to think again in light of his work here.
Because as David Aames, Cruise gives the best performance of his career, one that should check any doubts as to his ability as an actor at the door.
He's made some interesting career choices the past few years, with films like `Magnolia' and `Eyes Wide Shut' merely warm-ups for the very real and complex character he creates here.
And give him credit, too, for taking on a role that dispels any sense of vanity; this is Cruise as you've never seen him before.
`Jerry Maguire' earned him an Oscar nomination, and this one should, also-- as well as the admiration and acclaim of his peers.
Cruise is not just good in this movie, he is remarkable.Penelope Cruz turns in an outstanding, if not exceptional performance, as well, as Sofia, the woman of David's dreams.
There's an alluring innocence she brings to this role that works well for her character and makes her forthcoming and accessible, yet she lacks any hint of mystery that may have added that special `something extra' to the part.
But Crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors, and he certainly did with Cruz.He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely vibrant in the role of Julie.
She's never looked better, and fairly sizzles on screen.
But make no mistake, this is no `window-dressing' part, and Diaz delivers a complete package with this character.
The quality of her performance can be measured, in fact, in the impact she makes with rather limited screen time.
And it's the persona she integrates so fully with her innate beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable.
Overall, a terrific job by Diaz.The supporting cast includes Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (`L.E.'
Man), Jean Carol (Woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed).
About half-way through, this one may have you questioning your own sense of reality; but rest assured, by the end of `Vanilla Sky' all will be revealed.
It's a reality-bender, to be sure, and a wild one; but this is exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying-- and unique-- experience, one you have to see to believe.
It's the essential, and absolute, magic of the movies.
10/10.
Best animated movie ever made.
This film explores not only the vast world of modern animation with absolutely boggling effects, but the branches of the human mind, soul, and philosophy.
The story features a family of cats, where in the big sister dies, the younger brother sees this and rescues her body, but when she awakens she is left without a soul.
So, the two sibling cats embark on a journey to find it.
I have related this journey to many things.
The history of the world, the bible, the cycle of life, and every time I watch it I discover more and more hidden themes and metaphors.
If you aren't so into the physiological aspect of it then, you will still adore it.
The animation is superb, and the creative scenes will have you attached to the screen.
For example, the ocean freezing in time, god eating soup out of the earth, a strange and slightly SNM retelling of Hansel and Gretel.
To conclude, Cat Soup is an absolute treat for anyone.PS- Not for kids, gratuitous violence included.
I don't know why people except a lot from low budget indie films but I enjoyed this one as I'm a fan of urban horror.
There's not too many urban horror movies out there so when I saw this one on the shelf, just the title alone peaked my curiosity.
So I decided to check it out and I was surprised...it's not too often you run into a low budget indie horror film with GREAT acting and a good story.
Is it low budget?
yes.
Can you tell that it's low budget?
Yes...but once you start watching the movie you become so wrapped up in the story that it doesn't matter.
I like hip hop music too and the soundtrack is nice!
I don't know what's up with all these bad reviews for this film.
All I hear is "worst movie ever".
Have these idiots seen EVERY movie out there?
There's thousands of movies out there, how can you categorize one as the "worst" ever?
A video not "movie" like "zombiez" may be the worst film I ever SEEN but I can't say that it's the worst movie EVER since I haven't seen every movie out there.
Bottom line these people who gave this movie bad reviews are probably from the suburbs.
Listen, if you don't like minority based, urban films, the ghetto films, hip hop,etc then WHY WATCH THESE TYPES OF MOVIES???!!!
knowing that you don't like this type of stuff?
Sure, this is a horror film but it's not just a horror film but it's an URBAN horror film with a multi-cultural based cast.
I don't like TV shows like Dawson's Creek or the O.C., THEY SUCK to me.
Films like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK to me.
I'm a guy from New Jersey and these shows and movies suck to me.
Why?
Because I can't relate to them.
They don't peak my interest.
Just common sense.
Believe me, I will never watch GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING CRASHERS 2: Here's a sequel to torture you again since the first sucked so bad and I HEART HUCKABORING.
Now back to this movie, in regards to saint405's comment above, I don't know if this guy was smoking crack or got knocked "stupid" by his drunken dad before he watched the movie but to me, everyone did a great job.
The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a VERY good job.
I'm an aspiring actor myself taking theater at my school and I had to do a play where I had to cry and it's not easy to be emotional in a scene so I give props to actors who have to do an emotional scene and can pull it off.
Anywho, I liked this movie and never heard of these actors and directors before but you bet I'll be looking out for their stuff for now on and if they are reading this, BRING ON THE SEQUEL!!!
I'm out.
Jerzee Representin'!
I know I should like this film, and I do for the most part, but as other's have mentioned, it is a bit long in the tooth.
I to also found the raging hormones of the all male crew to be a bit annoying.
It's a wonder they didn't start panting and howling at the moons as well.
I also have to say that overall, the movie leaves me cold.
It's a very sterile atmosphere that permeates the film.
On the plus side the effects are great (besides the cartoon monster), as are the effects, props, costumes and of course Robbie.
If the robot was not in this film, I don't think it would have been as popular as it was/is.
The second half of the movie picks up steam once we start to investigate the forgotten gadgets of the "Krell."
As many times as I've seen this movie, the Krell still leaves me scratching my head as to exactly who or what they were.
Based on what was being produced at that time, besides "This Island Earth," Forbidden Planet is miles above the average Sci-Fi movies of the time.
Being filmed in color also adds to its enjoyment.
Certainly a classic in its own right, flaws and all, and deservedly so.
If you think "Weird Al" Yankovic is hilarious, you won't be disappointed by THE COMPLEAT AL.
Not only does this rare mockumentary feature many of Yankovic's more memorable videos ("Like A Surgeon" and "I Love Rocky Road" among them), but they are inter-spliced with funny vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist's rise to fame.
Yankovic is not for all tastes, but his humor is harmless and imaginative enough that even non-fans will at least be lightly amused.
Die-hard fans will love it not only for its content, but also for its relatively early look into Yankovic's now nearly three decade career.
Suitable for all ages, kiddies will no doubt love the funny visuals.
Robert Stack never really got over losing a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role as Kyle in "Written on the Wind" to Anthony Quinn's 12-minute performance in "Lust for Life."
Stack plays the deeply disturbed, alcoholic son of an oil tycoon.
He has lived his life in the shadow of the friend with whom he was raised, Mitch, played by Rock Hudson.
They both love the same woman, Lucy, (Lauren Bacall), who becomes Kyle's wife.
Kyle's sister, Marylee (Dorothy Malone), is a drunken slut who's in love with Mitch.
Their story plays out in glorious color under the able direction of Douglas Sirk, who really dominated the melodrama field with some incredible films, including "Imitation of Life," "All that Heaven Allows," "Magnificent Obsession," and many others.Make no mistake - this is a potboiler, and Stack and Dorothy Malone make the most of their roles, Malone winning a Best Supporting Actress Oscar.
There's one amazing scene, mentioned in other comments, where she wildly dances to loud music as her father collapses and dies on the staircase.
We're led to believe that Marylee sleeps with everyone, including the guy that pumps the gas, because she's in love with Mitch.
Mitch wants nothing to do with her.
He's so in love with Lucy that, out of loyalty to Kyle, he wants to go to work in Iran to avoid temptation.
I doubt he'd be so anxious to get there today no matter how much in love he was.Hudson and Bacall have the less exciting roles here - Hudson's Mitch is the good guy who's been cleaning up Kyle's messes for his entire life, and Bacall is Mitch's wife who finds herself in a nightmare when her husband starts drinking again after a year of sobriety.
Sirk focuses on the more volatile supporting players.In Sirk's hands, "Written on the Wind" is an effective film, and the big scene toward the end in the mansion is particularly exciting.
The director had a gift for this type of movie, and though he had many imitators, he never had an equal.
Resident Evil:code veronica is a great well made video game,it has great graphics,very comfortable controls,a great storyline and high fun factor.The storyline to this is Claire Redfield gets taken to an island for trespassing on Umbrella grounds,and reaking havoc at they're main lab while looking for her brother.Code veronica's graphics are very good,the fire and rain effects are great looking.The controls are comfy,but the button pattern doesnt fit the Dreamcast control,makeing it hard to get used to.Its still fun going around some wierd disturbing place,shooting the guts out of zombies.Code:veronica also has a little bit of "Romance" between the two main characters.You also get to play as Chris Redfield,from Resident Evil 1.The sound in this game is better than ever,for example,even though I hate the new feature,When the giant spiders crawl,they're feet make a disturbing scampering sound,and the guns sound alot more realistic.Great graphics,outstanding story,comfy controls,and realistic sound makes Resident Evil Code:Veronica a definite loved.
I give it a 10 out of 10.
It's not a big film.
The acting is not amazing (some sub charterers are even played badly), The film is not beautiful in any sense.
Nothing really inventive or new.
If you like big films, this one is not for you.
yet it has a big - REALLY BIG plus on the story.
Larry's story works, because we know this story from our own lives.
The girl we didn't ask to a date, the test we've failed, the friend we let down, are all in our history.
This movie works, because it touch it, It's a great story because it's a small one.
It's the life we all have, with regrets we all have, and yet the message hits: every life we could have lived would have had their downside.
The first time I watched it, I was 15.
It was shown in a party at my school.
16 years later, I keep reflecting on it every once in a while, and every time I see it, it puts a smile on my face.
Watch it.
It will do you good.
You'll be happier with what you have.
This film has a lot of strong points.
It has one of the best horror casts outside of the Lugosi-Karloff-Chaney circle: Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray, and Dwight Frye, plus leading man Melvyn Douglas.
It's got all the right ingredients: bats, a castle with lots of stone staircases, a mad scientist, townspeople waving torches and hunting vampires, an "Igor"-type character, a beautiful girl, even a goofy-haired Burgomeister.
The soft-focus camera work is moody and imaginative.
There's even some good comic relief nicely spaced throughout the script.But it's not really a monster movie because there is nothing supernatural going on in "Kleinschloss" ("little castle").
The plot revolves around the generic crazy scientist (nicely played by Atwill) who values his work more highly than human lives.It's not top-tier material, because of a ho-hum resolution of the plot and some embarrassingly bad dialog for Dwight Frye.
But it's worth a look if you like early b/w horror pictures.
While originally reluctant to jump on the bandwagon of watching "Lost", I accidentally caught one episode at the beginning of season 1the one with the polar-bearand it has had my undivided attention ever since.
The show, that is.
Not the polar bear.
So bear (heh) with me while I throw out as much rambling, semi-coherent praise as I can muster.
"Lost" takes a simple idea of a passenger flight full of people crashing onto a desert island, and gradually adds extraordinary depth to its premise by exploring each character deeply and unflinchinglywhat drives them, who are they?
Where did they come from?
It soon becomes clear that the island upon which they are stranded acts as a common denominator for many things in their lives, whether they're running away from something (Sawyer and Kate among others) or getting in touch with spirituality (Locke, Claire).
But "Lost" also zooms in on the island itself and the mysterious horrors that it houses... and they all seem to be strangely connected.While television actors are not exactly known for their subtlety or dazzling acting abilities, most of the cast of "Lost" are, in truth, spectacular actors for their respective parts, projecting heart and humour in their performances.
There's also a multitude of eyecandy, but not generally of the plastic Hollywood kind as most TV shows.
The characters all feel very real and they are extremely compelling to watch.
Their interactions rarely fall prey to predictable sappiness, petty arguments or cheesy melodrama (although they are annoyingly secretive)  these people are first and foremost trying to survive and whatever relationship appears is treated secondary to action.
The realism of these characters facilitate an already well-sculptured plot.
About this plot...
Imagine a tree as the template plot, then the branches as subplots (in this case, one branch for every character)  well, Lost adds twigs to each branch and then tiny twigs to those twigs as other story lines.
If you're a brother/sister to one of the main characters in the flashbacks, you will get your own storyline.
If you're a DOG you will have your own storyline.
Unless the writers manage to weave them all together into some glorious culmination in the end, they are setting themselves up.
I am more than a little worried there will be some disappointing cop-out to this show, as I'm sure most people are.But assuming the writers do pull this off, "Lost" is possibly the best show ever to hit television.9/10
'Cry Freedom' is a movie about how far people will go to find the truth.The first half is an interesting portrayal of an unlikely friendship between activist Steve Biko and Editor Don Woods (played fanatically by Dezel Washington and Kevin Klein).
While the second half deals with Woods looking for answers on Biko's death.Although most people favor the first half of the movie which focuses on the unlikely friendship between Biko and Woods'.
I found the second half about Don woods struggle to have Biko's story be heard around the world much more interesting.
As the story in my family goes, my dad, Milton Raskin, played the piano for the Dorsey band.
After Sinatra joined the band, my dad practiced with him for hours on end.
Then, at a point in time, my dad told Sinatra that he was actually to good to be tied up with such a small group (band), and that he should venture off on his own.
By that time Sinatra had enough credits 'under his belt' to do just that!
Dorsey never forgave my dad, and the rest, as they say, is history.I have some pictures and records to that effect, and so does Berkley University in California.I have seen just about every Sinatra movie more times than I wish to say, and his movies never get old .
.
.
Thank you Frank
The first series of Lost kicked off with a bang... literally and slowly decreased in pace.
This may have put some viewers off and people who started to watch halfway through would either be bored or just plain confused.
I would advise people new to the world of Lost to simply watch from the beginning and don't get pt off by the slower episodes.
The acting throughout is excellent but why have 5 series' planned...
WHY???
All this means is that there will be no answers for at least 4 years, oh well, i'll keep watching if it keeps the tension up and dialogue flowing.
After Dark, My Sweet is a great, modern noir, filled with seedy characters, dirt roads, and, of course, sweaty characters.
It seems that most of the truly great noirs of the last two or three decades have taken place in the South, where the men glisten and the ladies, um, glisten too.
Why?
Because it's hooooottttttttttt.
And because everyone looks better wet (at least the men do - sweaty women leave me clammy).
Anyway - there might be some spoilers in here.
This film is a wonderful example of everything a noir should be - steady pacing (though some with attention disorders refer to it as 'slow'), clearly and broadly drawn (though not simple) characters, and tons of atmosphere.
Noir, if anything, is about moods and attitudes.
That's why the great ones are not marked by your traditional definitions of 'great' acting (look at Bogart, Mitchum, Hurt, and Nicholson - they (and their characters) were anything but real - but they had style and sass and in a crime movie that's exactly what you want).
or quickly paced adventures (again all great noirs seem to be on slow burn like a cigarette).
Great noirs create an environment and you just inhabit it with the characters for a couple hours.
After Dark My Sweet let's you do that - and it let's you enjoy the company of some very interesting and complex characters.
Uncle Bud and Collie are intriguing - never allowing the audience to know what really makes them tick - and Patric and Dern (I love Bruce Dern, by the way) are pitch perfect, Dern especially (see previous comment).
They take the basic outlines of a character and give them depth and elicit our sympathies.
The story itself is also interesting.
There're better plots in the world of noir (hardly any mystery here - mostly it's suspense), but this one is solid.
If anything, the simply 'okay' plot has more to do with Jim Thompson's writing than anything else.
With Thompson, plots are almost secondary; he eschewed the labyrinthine tales of Hammett and Chandler for simpler stories with stronger, more confusing characters.
Look at a novel like The Killer Inside Me and and you'll see right away (from the title) what it's all about.
When it comes to Thompson, it's not what it's about, it's how it's about it (to quote Roger Ebert).
So, really, the relatively simple plot of a kidnapping is not the point and, if you don't like it, well the jokes on you.
Why this is an 8star movie rather than a 10star one is because of the female lead.
She's not bad, per se, but she's not Angelica Huston or Anette benning (see the adaptation of Jim Thompson's The Grifters if you don't know what I'm talking about - besides it's a better movie and you should start there for contemporary noir - it's the best of the 1990s and challenges Blood Simple for the title of best since Chinatown).
She simply doesn't have the chops (or the looks for that matter) and though she and Patric have some chemistry, I don't have it with her.
So there.
After reading the other tepid reviews and comments, I felt I had to come to bat for this movie.Roeg's films tend to have little to do with one another, and expecting this one to be like one of his you liked is probably off the mark.What this film is is a thoughtful and unabashed look at religious faith.
The only other film like it-in terms of its religious message-would have to be Tolkin's `The Rapture.
'I am astonished that anyone could say the story is muddled or supernatural.
It is a simple movie about Catholic faith, miracles, and redemption--though you would never guess it till the end.
It is also the only movie I can think of whose resolution turns, literally, on a pun.As a (happily) fallen Catholic myself, I know what the movie is about, and I find a sort of fondness in its ultimate innocence about the relation between God and man.
But if you are not familiar with the kind of theology on which the film is based, then it will go right over you head.As a film-as opposed to a story-`Cold Heaven' it is not ground-breaking.
While `The Rapture' is heavy with pictorial significance and cinematic imagery, `Cold Heaven' downplays its own cinematic qualities.
There are no striking shots, no edgy effects, no attempts to fit the content to the form.
It is workmanlike shooting, but subdued.
Nor does it have dialogue or acting to put it in a class of high drama.
It is a simple story that unfolds simply.
It may seem odd; but at the end the mystery is revealed.
It looks ambiguous; but with a single line the ambiguity vanishes in a puff of Catholic dogma.In this regard, `Cold Heaven' has at its heart exactly the same sort of thing that drives a movie like `The Sting,' or `The Sixth Sense,' or `Final Descent,' or Polanski's `A Pure Formality.'
All of these are films with a trick up their sleeves.
They may frustrate you along the way, but they have a point-an obvious one, indeed--but the fun is, at least in part, in having been taken in.Still, even if it seems like little more than a shaggy dog story with a punch line, it is worth watching for way it directs-and misdirects-you.
Try it-especially if you are, or have ever been, a Catholic.
THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE (2006) ***1/2 Gretchen Mol, Lilli Taylor, Chris Bauer, Jared Harris, Sarah Paulson, David Strathairn, Austin Pendleton, Norman Reedus, Dallas Roberts.
Mol shines as legendary pin-up queen Bettie Page in a fine biopic.Gretchen Mol is probably best known for being tauted as The Next-It-Girl a few years ago when no one knew who she was despite an infamous cover story by Vanity Fair among other media dubbings but despite a few co-starring roles here and there her predicted stardom seemed to twinkle less brightly until now.
Here as the famous pin-up queen Bettie Page, Gretchen Mol is indeed a shining star on the rise.Bettie Page was Tennessee born raised as a God-fearing and family oriented proper girl who seemed to find herself the unwarranted object of lust and affection, as she grew older.
A gang-rape that is flashbacked is wisely not graphically depicted nor is the subtle showing of her own father having less- than-decent designs for his own kin which is important to understand how Page managed to escape the possible nightmarish life for a career as an actress by heading to New York City in the 1950s when in fact that was the time and place to be to catch lighting in a bottle.
What Page didn't realize is that in fact she would be just that when she arrived.A beautiful raven haired sweetheart with a divine figure, Page is spotted on Coney Island one summer day by a black policeman asking to take her photograph which leads to her posing in his basement and eventually to the studios of Irving Klaw (Bauer) and his sister Paula (Taylor) who cater their kitschy but considered pornographic stills to a unique clientele: fetish types.Although Page is rather naïve she is undeniably smart and knows that her body is not a sin and can see the forest for the trees in the sense that she is in control - or at least abides in what is offered her as work in that it is not indecent and she is having fun in her increasingly less-clothed portraits - until a Congressional witch-hunt seeks out a few scapegoats to make pornographic images a crime.
Talented filmmaker Mary Harron and her screen writing partner Guinevere Turner ("An American Psycho" and "I Shot Andy Warhol") streamline the biopic trappings rather neatly and maybe a bit too hasty in getting at who really was Bettie Page although they do justice in depicting an era of uptightness at its zenith.
Large thanks to gifted cinematographer Mott Hopfel for his languorously gorgeous black and white images and also the sprinkled color segments that recall Douglas Sirk films of the era for its melodramatic kindlings.
Part feminist treaty and part American dream fulfilled the story chugs along nicely with fine performances by its ensemble including the comical Bauer and Taylor as siblings in smut and Harris having a field day as a fellow fotog with a taste for wine and chatter.
It's amusing to see Strathairn in a bit of stunt casting as a senator on a campaign for righteousness after portraying news bulldog Edward R. Murrow in his last outing, "Good Night, and Good Luck" as an opposite the table role.But hats off to the truly fine talents of Mol as the uninhibited yet deeply morale and most importantly intelligent Bettie Page who lets her child-like innocence beam through her bold nudity and now-considered-tame-and-quaint-borderline- kitschy poses that caught the male fancy for decades and is still a bookmark for human sexuality in this country and perhaps the world overall.
Mol is perfect and uncannily resembles her portrait's subject down to her knowing-teasing smile.
The real Bettie Page was reportedly not involved with the project but apparently gave her blessing and continues to live a somewhat secluded life that is alluded to in the final moments as to having found Jesus and shirking her 'notorious' image once and for all.
A shame since this film oddly embraces the resounding decency imbued within its subject, radiating for all to see in its naked splendor.
This is a strange, cerebral, surreal, esoteric film.
If there is such a thing as "intellectual horror" cinema, this film is it.
I started to get scared and wish there was someone else watching it with me, and it barely has a plot!
I'm going to have to see this film again multiple times before I feel I really understand it.
If you're the kind of person who likes "My Dinner With Andre" and films by Godard, or if you do a lot of mind-altering drugs, you will probably enjoy this film.
Wow.
If you like Star Wars/Trek, come see where they got all their ideas and cinematic devices.
It's my top 2 favorite movies of all times, other-worldly-futuristic and psycho-thriller.
The intensity of the root material (Shakespeare's "The Tempest") is not overshadowed by whizbang gimmickry (a la later Lucas).
And just because it was made in 1956, don't assume you can 'see the strings' holding the flying saucer up.
This was the first movie where you COULDN'T.
Miracle it was made at "A-movie" scale, economics and tastes at the time were stacked heavily against it.
And director Wilcox's previous 'hit' was "Lassie Come Home".
Until I looked him up, I assumed 'Fred Wilcox' was a pseudonym for a director who was already or later became famous, but at the time didn't want to be associated with sci-fi, which was strictly a "B" genre back then.
This was either a very VERY visionary production, or a very fortuitous 'mistake' on the part of the folks who bankroll Hollywood.There are the massive-scale mattes with live action almost microscopically inserted that Lucas used extensively.
There are intelligent machines that transcend the stereotypical 'user interface'; "computers", as they've come to be portrayed much less futuristically in later works.
Star Trek's 'transporter' is there, visually, almost unaltered by Roddenberry 10 years later.
And if the Trek/Wars technobabble turns you off, FP's scientific references are not overdone and are all accurate, even today.
The "ship" set is comprehensive, sparklingly realistic, as good as anything you've seen since, and more convincing than anything 'Trek' has done, for TV or film.
We didn't get to spend as much time there as I would have liked.If you ever wondered how movies got into space so competently, watching FP will explain all that.
It's definitely not 'Wagontrain to the Stars'.
"Written on the Wind" was an enormously successful Universal picture.
It could only be done by Douglas Sirk, a man who saw the possibilities in the material he was given.
Based on a popular novel by Robert Wilder and an adaptation by George Zuckerman, it had all the elements that make an excellent melodrama: nymphomania, a large oil fortune, alcoholism, incest and a mild touch of homosexuality.
Mr. Sirk laid the path for what would follow later on in the soap operas genre, mainly, "Dallas" and "Dynasty", just to mention two.The fact is this movie was shot entirely inside a studio.
Most of the decor is phony.
Like a lot of those 1950s pictures, "Written on the Wind" was shot entirely in a studio lot.
Just look at the scenes that are supposed to take place in Manhattan, or Miami, or even the lake are, one can see how the scenery is a painted backdrop.
Mr. Sirk couldn't care less about realism as long as he could tell the story his own way.We recently caught a screening, part of a revival of Mr. Sirk's work, where people were laughing at some of the most dramatic moments, especially during the scenes where Rock Hudson, who plays the good Mitch Wayne, appears.
There is also something graphic in the way that both Robert Keith, who plays the patriarch Jasper Hadley, and later on his own daughter, the evil Marylee, caress the oil derrick that adorns the elder man's desk, a sort of phallic object d'art.Douglas Sirk probably wanted his cast to give over the top performances, which makes sense in the way Dorothy Malone portrays the nymphomaniac Marylee, and to a certain degree, Robert Stack, who overacts as Kyle, the tormented heir of the story.
That would probably be the easy explanation of what comes across the screen.
The only one that seems normal is Lauren Bacall, who wasn't asked to make her Lucy Moore character appear to be anything but a grounded person caught hanging out with the wrong crowd.Together with his other Hollywood movies, "Written on the Wind" shows the genius of a talented director who gave the public just what they wanted to see: stories bigger than life that could only be seen on the big screen
I could not agree less with the rating that was given to this movie, and I believe this is a sample of how short minded most of spectators are all over the world.
Really... Are you forgetting that Cinema used to be a kind of art before some tycoons tried to make it only entertainment?
This movie is not entertainment, at least not that easy entertainment you get on movies like Titanic or Gladiator.
It has style, it is different, it is shocking... That's why most of you have hated it so much: because it does not try to be pleasing to you.
It's just a story, a very weird one I admit, but after all, only a weird story.
It is not a great story, not even a great cinema work, but I believe it is worth a 7-stars rating only for the courage of both author and director to shot a story that is not made to please the audience, thus selling billions of copies and making the big studios even richer.
This movie is, for me, European-artistic-like movie made in the US, and everyone involved in the making of it deserves respect.
Be it for the courage, or be it for the unique sense of humor.
Holly addresses the issue of child sexploitation that is rampant all over the world (some 2 million children are trafficked every year) and does so sensitively and without manipulation--a tall order that the team at Priority Films does with great success.
American actor Ron Livington stars in the film alongside newcomer Thuy Nguyen, a Vietnamese actress who plays Holly, and together they bring to screen what is commonplace to the people at the notorious k11 redlight district in Cambodia.
Although it tackles a heavy topic, the film holds on to moments of laughter and hope as we get to know the characters up close, keeping the two-hour film from being one that is too difficult to watch.
I am glad a film like this is bringing the world's attention to the problem.
Child prostitution needs to be stopped and this is a very good first step.
It's GREAT and a film EVERYONE must see.
Possibly the best movie ever created in the history of Jeffrey Combs career, and one that should be looked upon by all talent in Hollywood for his versatility, charisma, and uniqueness he brings through his characters and his knowledge of acting.
Great acting on the part of Gretchen Mol.
This film is one of the best biopics to hit the screen in some time.
While it does cover the majority of Bettie's young life, it also manages to stay on a mostly focused path which is something most biographical films seem to lack.
There is some lovely and alarmingly funny subtext in the dialogue and acting.
This film is an excellent break from the Dir.
of "American Psycho," and I think this will show through as her best work to date.
Oh, and as a cinematography buff, I give this film 100% in the cine dept.
It was amazing how well they pulled off a 50s look with modern film stocks.
Accolades to the D.O.P.
All around very enjoyable.
I recommend any interested to see it: 8/10.
Madhur from CHANDNI BAR started making realistic films, which some people called dry He made SATTA which was another realistic though filmy film but a great filmAAN men at work was a formula film by him which floppedHe returns with his superlative PAGE 3A film which dwelves into the lives of journalists and it's a brilliant filmThe film is well narrated though the half baked romantic portions of Konkana could be avoided but that is forgivenThe entire Upendra Limaye track is superb toowhile the Atul Kulkarni track is great tooThe dial between Manoj Joshi and his friends are funny at first but repetitive at timesThe subplot of Bikram- Tara is brilliant and so is the entire hospital scene and also the final child abuse which shocks youThe film has a open ended ending which is nicely handledMadhur does a great job Music is okayKonkana excels as Madhavi, using her expressions to the best Tara Sharma is decent except her voice Sandhya Mridul is good as usual Upendra Limaye excels in his part as the cop, one of the talented actors Sadly he isn't used well nowdays Atul Kulkarni too is good in his small part Boman Irani is restrained and does a great job rest are okay
Saw this movie when it came out in 1959, left a lasting impression.
Great group of actors.
A little short timewise but a great movie all the same.
Have only seen once since then and that was some time ago.
Hopefully they'll put it out on DVD if they haven't already.
After reading some quite negative views for this movie, I was not sure whether I should fork out some money to rent it.
However, it was a pleasant surprise.
I haven't seen the original movie, but if its better than this, I'd be in heaven.Tom Cruise gives a strong performance as the seemingly unstable David, convincing me that he is more than a smile on legs (for only the third time in his career- the other examples were Magnolia and Born on the Fourth of July).
Penelope Cruz is slightly lightweight but fills the demands for her role, as does Diaz.
The only disappointment is the slightly bland Kurt Russell.
In the movie, however, it is not the acting that really impresses- its the filmmaking.Cameron Crowe excels in the director's role, providing himself with a welcome change of pace from his usual schtick.
The increasing insanity of the movie is perfectly executed by Crowe (the brief sequence where Cruise walks through an empty Time Square is incredibly effective).
The soundtrack (a distinguishing feature of a Crowe movie) is also sublime.You will be shocked and challenged as a viewer.
The plot does seem a little contrived but the issues explored behind it are endlessly discussable.
The movie isn't perfect, but its a welcome change of pace for Cruise and Crowe and for those raised on a diet of Hollywood gloss, should be a revelation.
I have always been a huge James Bond fanatic!
I have seen almost all of the films except for Die Another Day, and The World Is Not Enough.
The graphic's for Everything Or Nothing are breathtaking!
The voice talents......... WOW!
I LOVE PIERCE BROSNAN!
He is finally Bond in a video game!
HE IS BOND!
I enjoyed the past Bond games: Goldeneye, The World Is Not Enough, Agent Under Fire, and Nightfire.
This one is definitely the best!
Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (may I call him Mr. Brosnan as a sign of respect?
Yes I can!)
He was phenomenally exciting to hear in a video game....... AT LONG LAST!
DUH!
I've seen him perform with Robin Williams, and let me tell you, they make a great team.
Pierce Brosnan is funny, wickedly handsome ( I mean to say wickedly in a good way,) and just one of those actor's who you would want to walk up to and wrap your arms around and hug, saying: "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for being James Bond," "If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't know who James Bond is."
He's a great actor!
I am a huge fan of Willem Dafoe even though I've seen him in a couple of movies.
His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant.
(Did I spell the character's name right?)
LOL!!!!
He does a great job with an accent.
Sometimes I can't even hear an accent.
I have seen Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, perform in two movies: Finding Nemo, and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST!
SHE ROCKS!
Anyway, He never ceases to amaze.
And Richard Kiel, wow, he's definitely got the part of Jaw's nailed.
I've seen him in the movie's and he's awesome!
As a matter of fact, my Grandparent's have met Mr. Kiel, and I was jealous when they told me.
But, Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of Celebritie's that I want to meet.
John Cleese was breathtaking.
I have never seen a better person play as the wisecracking, and gadget creating Q!
Mr. Cleese was hilarious!
I've seen him work with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies.
He's awesome!
John Cleese's most recent project is Shrek 2 starring Mike Myer's, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew's and Eddie Murphy.
( Shrek 2 is now in theatre's!)
GOOD LUCK 007!
Oh, yeah, and as Q alway's says: "Grow up 007!"
Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film that is supposed to expose the lifestyle of the rich and famous while also providing a commentary on the integrity of journalism today.Celebrities party endlessly, they like to be seen at these parties, and to get due exposure in the media.
In fact the film would have us believe that this exposure MAKES celebrities out of socialites and the newspapers have a huge hand in this.
IMO there is much more synergy between the celebrities and media and it is a "I need you, you need me" kind of relationship.
However, the media needs celebrities more and not vice versa.
Anyhow, in this milieu of constant partying is thrown the social column (page 3 of the newspaper) reporter Konkana Sen Sharma.
She is shown as this celebrity maker, very popular at the social gatherings.
She has a good friend in the gay Abhijeet and in the struggling model Rohit (Bikram Saluja).
She rooms with an air-hostess  the sassy Pearl (Sandhya Mridul), and a struggling actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma).
The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani and a firebrand crime beat reporter is played by Atul Kulkarni.
The movie has almost too many plot diversions and characters but does work at a certain level.
The rich are shown to be rotten to the core for the most part, the movie biz shown to be sleazy to the max with casting couch scenarios, exploitation of power, hunger for media exposure.
Into all this is layered in homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that seems to not have much to do with the story or plot, rampant drug use, pedophilia, police "encounter" deaths.
In light of all this Pearl's desire to have a super rich husband, a socialite daughter indulging in a sexual encounter in a car, the bitching women, all seem benign ills.The film has absolutely excellent acting by Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role  a pity in my opinion.
But the supporting cast is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good).
This is what saves the film for me.
Mr. Bhandarkar bites off way more than he can chew or process onto celluloid and turns the film into a free for all bash.
I wish he had focused on one or two aspects of societal ills and explored them more effectively.
He berates societal exploitation yet himself exploits all the masala ingredients needed for a film to be successful.
We have an item number in the framework of a Bollywood theme party, the drugged out kids dance a perfectly choreographed dance to a Western beat.
I hope the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar dares to ditch even more of the Hindi film stereotyped ingredients.
The film is a brave (albeit flawed) effort, certainly worth a watch.
I found this to be the most enjoyable Muppets movie, because I felt it was the most light-hearted and had the best comic delivery on most of its lines.
The Muppets try to go on Broadway to sell an original musical they've written, but along the way, they run into the usual problems, including Kermit's memory loss here.
While there aren't as many great cameos here as in the original "Muppets Movie," there are some including Joan Rivers and Dabney Coleman.
Simply the timing and delivery of so many of the lines is great, and the situations the Muppets find themselves in are hilarious.
The original songs are also good here, and the ending is satisfying.
There is not much else to say about the film, but Muppet fans should see it for sure.
It is the funniest Muppet movie and is sure to be enjoyed by all.
***1/2 out of ****
Lost is an extremely well made TV series about some people that are lost on an island.
there's so many twists and turns that you can't really decide who your favourite character is, one minute its him then he does something so he's coolest then shes about to do something so shes the coolest then suspense builds up and just as you are about to burst the episode ends and your like noooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!
!so you have to wait a whole week too see the next episode but it is worth the wait.
Suspense, action, romance, humour its got it all apart from the topless girls but thats good as it means that you can actually concentrate on the story more and story is what this is all about.
so if you like a good story and like suspense this is a good one however 24 i think is probably better.
(i have a review on that too that you could check it out.)
I would give lost a good 8 out of 10 mainly because its so unpredictable, you never know what will happen next.
Not really a big box office draw, but I was pleasently surprisedwith this movie.
James "I did some things to Farrah Fawcett" Orr co-wrote and directed this movie about an ordinary, average guynamed Larry Burrows who thinks his life would have beenincredibly different if he hit a homerun at a key baseball gamewhen he was 15.
But thanks to mysterious and magical bartenderMike, Larry gets his wish, yet soon realizes that his new lifeisn't exactly as he hoped it would be.I must say, this movie really impressed me.
Critics have givenit mixed, and I must say the concept is really interesting andpulled off well.
Yes, it is a little standard, but packs enoughfunny moments, drama and excellent acting to make it reallygood.
James Belushi (I think) was Oscar worthy for his role.
JonLovitz is perfect, and Linda Hamilton plus Renee Russo shine intheir roles.
Michael Caine is perfect as the bartender.
It'sjust a good movie with a good lesson.
If you've never seen, Ihighly recommend you check
A young cat tries to steal back his brothers soul from death but only gets half of it and then has to go adventuring to get the other half... or maybe not.
Frankly I'm not sure what happens in this film which is full of very strange, very surreal images some of which parents might find disturbing, (ie.the cats slicing off part of a pig who is traveling with them and the frying it like bacon which all three eat).This is a very strange film that some have likened to Hello Kitty on acid, I think its more like Hello Kitty as done by Dali.
(Certainly this is more alive than Destino which was directly based on his work).If your up for a very off beat film that will challenge your perceptions of things then see this movie.
Just be ready for some very strange images that will be burned into your memory forever.
Allison Dean's performance is what stands out in my mind watching this film.
She balances out the melancholy tone of the film with an iridescent energy.
I would like to see more of her.
i liked this film a lot.
it's dark, it's not a bullet-dodging, car-chasing numb your brain action movie.
a lot of the characters backgrounds and motivations are kinda vague, leaving the viewer to come to their own conclusions.
it's nice to see a movie where the director allows the viewer to make up their own minds.in the end, motivated by love or vengeance, or a desire to repent - he does what he feels is "right".
'will god ever forgive us for what we've done?'
- it's not a question mortal men can answer - so he does what he feels he has to do, what he's good at, what he's been trained to do.denzel washington is a great actor - i honestly can't think of one bad movie he's done - and he's got a great supporting cast.
i would thoroughly recommend this movie to anyone.
A must see film with great dialogues, great music, great acting and a superb atmosphere.In the film you will follow 8 people for one day in the city of antwerp, they are all individuals and sometimes plain weird (that's how I love them!
).I'm not going to say anything else, just go see and enjoy it.
This is a really nice and sweet movie that the entire family can enjoy.
It's about two dogs and a cat who are taken away to live with someone else for a little while but the animals don't understand and they escape and go to find the family on their own.
The cat is named Sassy and she lives up to her name.
Chance is the younger dog who knows a lot about life on the inside of the pound.
Shadow is the older and wiser dog who senses things.
Put those three together on an adventure and it makes for a happy and fun filled time.
There are no special effects of the mouths moving so it isn't cheesy at all.
It's the best talking animal movie that I've seen so far.
It's a really good movie for families.
As a low budget enterprise in which the filmmakers themselves are manufacturing and distributing the DVDs themselves, we perhaps shouldn't expect too much from Broken in disc form.
And yet what's most remarkable about this whole achievement is the fact that this release comes with enough extras to shame a James Cameron DVD and a decidedly fine presentation.With regards to the latter, the only major flaw is that Broken comes with a non-anamorphic transfer.
Otherwise we get the film in its original 1.85:1 ratio, demonstrating no technical flaws and looking pretty much as should be expected.
Indeed, given Ferrari's hands on approach in putting this disc together you can pretty much guarantee such a fact.The same is also true of the soundtrack.
Here we are offered both DD2.0 and DD5.1 mixes and whilst I'm uncertain as to which should be deemed the "original", the fact that Ferrari had an involvement in both means neither should be considered as inferior.
Indeed, though the DD5.1 may offer a more atmosphere viewing experience owing to the manner in which it utilizes the score, both are equally fine and free of technical flaws.As for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them.
Take a look at the sidebar on the right of the screen and you'll notice numerous commentaries, loads of featurettes and various galleries.
Indeed, given the manner in which everything has been broken down into minute chunks rather than compiled into a lengthy documentary, there really is little to discuss.
The 'Anatomy of a Stunt' featurette, for example, is exactly what it claims to be, and the same goes for the rest of pieces.
As such we get coverage on pretty much ever aspect of Broken's pre-production, production and post-production.
And whilst it may have been preferable to find them in a more easily digestible overall 'making of', in this manner we do get easy access to whatever special feature we may wish to view.Of the various pieces, then, it is perhaps only the commentaries which need any kind of discussion.
Then again, there's also a predictable air to each of the chat tracks.
The one involving the actors is overly jokey and doesn't take the film too seriously.
Ferrari's pieces are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing.
And the technical ones are, well, extremely technical.
Of course, we also get some crossover with what's been covered elsewhere on the discs, but at only 19 minutes none of these pieces outstay their welcome.
Indeed, all in all, a fine extras package.
Shintarô Katsu, who played the blind swordsman "Zatoichi" in a total of 27 movies, ends the Hanzo trilogy with this excellent film in which he gets to make love to a ghost, Mako Midori (Blind Beast).The big stick, used often in the pursuit of justice, is retired forever.Katsu was his usual impudent self as he pursued those who would steal from the treasury to lend at usurious amounts to those who could not afford to pay.The usual amazing swordplay and skill of the big guy was present, along with the blood.I'm going to miss him.
L'Hypothèse du tableau volé/The Hypothesis of the Stolen Painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old, three-story Parisian apartment building.
Inside, we meet The Collector, an elderly man who has apparently devoted his life to the study of the six known existing paints of an obscure Impressionist-era painter, Tonnerre.
A narrator recites various epigrams about art and painting, and then engages in a dialogue with The Collector, who describes the paintings to us, shows them to us, tells us a little bit about the painter and the scandal that brought him down, and then tells us he's going to show us something....As he walks through a doorway, we enter another world, or worlds, or perhaps to stretch to the limits, other possible worlds.
The Collector shows us through his apparently limitless house, including a large yard full of trees with a hill; within these confines are the 6 paintings come to life, or half-way to life as he walks us through various tableaux and describes to us the possible meanings of each painting, of the work as a whole, of a whole secret history behind the paintings, the scandal, the people in the paintings, the novel that may have inspired the paintings.
And so on, and so on.
Every room, every description, leads us deeper into a labyrinth, and all the while The Collector and The Narrator engage in their separate monologues, very occasionally verging into dialogue, but mostly staying separate and different.I watched this a second time, so bizarre and powerful and indescribable it was, and so challenging to think or write about.
If I have a guess as to what it all adds up to, it would be a sly satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation.
An indicator might be found in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scenes are those in which The Collector poses some sexless plastic figurines -- in the second of them, he also looks at photos taken of the figurines that mirror the poses in the paintings -- then he strides through his collection, which is now partially composed of life-size versions of the figures.
If we think too much about it and don't just enjoy it, it all becomes just faceless plastic....Whether I've come to any definite conclusions about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé", or not, I can say definitely that outside of the early (and contemporaneous) works of Peter Greenaway like "A Walk Through H", I've rarely been so enthralled by something so deep, so serious, so dense....and at heart, so mischievous and fun.
In her autobiography,Laureen Bacall reveals that Bogie told her that she should not make such dud movies as this one or something like that.At the time,Douglas Sirk was labeled "weepies for women",actually,he was restored to favor,at least in Europa,after he stopped directing.And when he filmed "written on the wind" ,Sirk had only three movies to make:"tarnished Angels","A time to love and a time to die",his masterpiece,IMHO,and finally" Imitation of life"(1960).Then there was silence.
Actually Bacall and Hudson characters do not interest Sirk.They are too straight,too virtuous.Dorothy Malone -who was some kind of substitute for his former German star Zarah Leander-and her brother Robert Stack provide the main interest of the plot.A plot constructed continuously ,most of the movie being a long flashback.The instability of the brother and the sister ,from a family of rich Texan oil owners,is brought to the fore by garish clothes,and rutilant cars that go at top speed in a derricks landscape.
Malone's metamorphosis at the end of the movie is stunning :suit and chignon,toying with a small derrick:she's ready for life,the rebel is tamed.
Now alone,because she's lost Hudson (but anyway,he was not in love with her).This end is a bit reactionary,but melodrama is par excellence reactionary;three years later,in "imitation of life",Sarah-Jane (Susan Kohner) will be blamed because she does not know her place.
This is an excellent, heartbreaking movie.
It is by far the best I've seen that depicts the current reality in Latin America...kidnappings, corruption, ruthless and greedy police officials and heartless mayhem towards innocent victims.
Denzel Washinton gives the most moving performance in his career, in my opinion.
Dakota Fanning is an amazing young actress.
The relationship between Washington and Fanning is wonderfully written and portrayed, I believed every minute.
The cast is brilliant, Christopher Walken, Mickey Rourke are great as always.
Walken lights up the screen for me like no other actor.
I would have loved to see more of both of them.
The authentic locations are remarkable.
The camera work is interesting and different.
There are many famous Latin actors in the cast, making it all the more interesting for people familiar with Latin American cinema.
I highly recommend this movie.
Ladislas Starewicz's curiosity with insects and cinema melds into a short film about a love triangle between Mr. Beetle, an artistic grasshopper, and Mrs. Beetle.
The rather simple story of an adulterous beetle couple that both seek stimulation outside their marriage is similar to a Biograph or Vitagraph short of the time.
Starewicz's twist on the story is to use embalmed beetles with wires straightening the legs in frame-by-frame animation.
The story builds as Mr. Beetle is unknowingly caught on camera with a dragonfly from the local nightclub by a jealous grasshopper.
When Mr. Beetle comes home to find his wife in the arms of her artistic friend, he chases her around angrily, but eventually forgives her and takes her out to see a movie.
However, Mrs. Beetle soon learns of her husband's infidelities as the movie they watch is the jealous grasshopper's footage of Mr. Beetle and the dragonfly together.
Mrs. Beetle thrashes Mr. Beetle with her umbrella, Mr. Beetle jumps through the screen, and they both end up in jail after the projector they wreck catches on fire.
The insects are placed in humanized settings such as a house or a nightclub, and are given human characteristics of jealousy, anger, lust, and revenge.
The insect characters carry briefcases, drive motorcars, and even wear shoes yet they also twitch their antennae and open and close their mandibles as real insects would.
The novelty of the story doesn't wear itself out, even after multiple viewings, but as fluid as the movements are, the film moves slowly.
Action happens with intricate detail, but rapidity and a quicker pace of filming is lost in the process.
Despite its pace, the film is an excellent example of Starewicz's early puppetry and is highly recommended.
Man, if anyone was expecting a great zombie movie after reading that title, then you are a retard and you deserve to be disappointed.
As for myself, I was expecting a low-budgeted cheeseball zombie flick- and that's exactly what I got.
I wasn't disappointed at all.
I thought it was a cool little movie.
The zombies were exactly as they should be, because all of the zombies had JUST been turned, so they are freshly-undead zombies.
Obviously they did that because it would've been pretty costly if they had done full-on rotted zombie FX.
I understood the whole thing, I have no idea how anyone could seriously nitpick this movie.
It's called "HOOD OF THE LIVING DEAD" for the love of God!
Would you watch "Redneck Zombies" and ANY Uwe Boll movie and actually EXPECT it to be great?
Of course not!
So why there are some morons on IMDb whining like school girls about this movie, I'll never understand.
Oh and YES, there ARE worse movies out there, so stop saying that this was the worst you've ever seen, 'cause you know you're full of it!
You ever watch "ZOMBIEZ"????
Or "Feardotcom"?????
Or "House Of The Dead"????
THOSE are some of the worst I've ever seen.
If you can't see that it's just a low- budgeted zombie movie obviously made by zombie movie fans, then something's wrong with you.
I just had fun with it.
Thumbs up from me and I'd also like to see a sequel.
In an attempt to cash in on the success of Universal's horror films Majestic Pictures hired several popular actors from the current genre and put them in this effort that (realistically speaking) is nowhere near as good.
With that, this is still worth everyone's time and it's a heck of a lot of fun to view and in my opinion it's better than most of what is supposed to pass nowadays as horror!
Story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss where the bodies have been piling up completely drained of blood and with suspicious puncture marks.
Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "It's Vampires" but the local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks it's a madman who's responsible and he vows to catch him.
*****SPOILER ALERT***** The Burgermeister and most of the towns folk think that the local kook Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who loves bats and frequently talks to them is the one they are looking for and they chase him until he falls to his death in a cave.
The one who is responsible for the killings is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill) who has created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood and he accomplishes this by having some sort of mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who goes out at night to collect the blood.
Dr. Otto has a pretty assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne) but they have no clue what he's up to but Karl eventually become suspicious when one of the murders takes place after Herman's death.Frank R. Strayer was never confused with being James Whale but he was a pretty competent director who ended up directing most of the "Blondie" films in that series and with this film he uses the same sets from "The Old Dark House" which was also filmed at Universal.
I'm the first to admit that this film is downright clumsy at times but it's practically impossible to resist a film that has a cast like this including Frye who is pretty much doing his Renfield role only this time he befriends bats and strokes them and keeps them in his pocket for safe keeping!
One thing that just doesn't make sense is the mind control that Dr. Otto has over Emil as the film never explains this and I had a strong sense that this was some sort of nod to "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" but on the other hand it's probably just the weakest part of the script.
There are a few other tidbits that I noticed including the chase of Frye to the big caves which is obviously an early shot of the infamous Bronson Canyon where numerous other films have been made and also Wray's brown hair which is her true color.
True horror film fans will appreciate this more than others but I think this is a fun film to view for everyone and with a cast as attractive as this it's well worth a look.
FORBIDDEN PLANET is one of the best examples of Hollywood SF films.
Its influence was felt for more than a decade.
However, certain elements relating to how this wide-screen entertainment was aimed at a mid-fifties audience that is now gone have dated it quite a bit, and the film's sometimes sluggish pacing doesn't help.
But, the story's compelling central idea involving the ancient,extinct Krell civilization and "monsters from the Id" hasn't lost its appeal and continue to make this film a relevant "must see" movie.
What I'm mostly interested in saying here is that the current DVD for this movie is terrible.
The movie has never really looked that good on home video and it's elements are in dire need of restoration.
I hope that will happen soon and we get a special edition of this SF classic.
Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky, I was expecting to be disappointed by the film because I'd heard that it did not get great reviews.
However, I left the cinema completely in awe of how good Vanilla Sky is.There was no bad acting at all in the whole film, every single character is believable.
The romantic moments between Cruise's character, David Aames and Cruz's character, Sophia are tear-jerkingly realistic and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).The plot of Vanilla Sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending.
However, ends are tied up towards the end, leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness, shock and empathy for David Aames.The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout.
This isn't that hard because chances are that you'll be completely drawn in to the film and won't take your eyes off the screen for one second.I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch.
But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it.
I recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple, shallow films.
These things have been floating around in my head for damn near 10 years now.
Some pieces of this work were really memorable.
- Id love to see another more current example of cg showy offy stuff.
Actually I'd love to be part of it.If I'd would of had the chance to just say what i wanted and thats it, I wouldn't have to write all this extra in order to make "10 lines if text" as this website requires.
I mean really?
This almost discourages me, I mean luckily for the guys that made the movie I really liked the Minds Eye - and it took me 3 times to have enough lines, I hope you don't get me on the misspelling.
- yup you did.
Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by today's standards, and some of the acting is pretty stilted, and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program.
And don't get me started about the poster.This is STILL a great movie, 40 years after it was released.
I grew up watching "science fiction" on the local TV station's "Science Fiction/Adventure Theater" on Sunday afternoons, so I've seen quite a few SF movies from the '50s.
At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city, Forbidden Planet forever raised the bar and showed that it was possible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.I doubt that many SF movies made in the '90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030.
"Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey" is one of those wonderful old movies about house pets.
Deserves a place among the great movies of its genre and even the cinema world in general, together with other animal movies like "Old Yeller", "Napoleon", "Fluke" and "Air Bud".
This means it is more than just a movie about pets.Can this possibly be just a "remake"?
It is too good to be a "remake"!
I know this one by heart, since my early teen years (when I was 12).It's a family movie to treasure.
It's emotional, thrilling, adventurous, exciting, entertaining, humorous, charming, sweet, nostalgic, beautiful, heartwarming and sometimes dramatic.
It's one of those movies to put a smile on the faces of those who appreciate this kind of films.This movie does not lack qualities.
It has a well thought story, enjoyable characters, excellent and relaxing instrumental soundtrack, dazzling sceneries/landscapes of the magnificent Sierra mountains (in Oregon).
Speaking of the vistas, it's not all mountains: forests, trees, rivers, waterfalls, sunsets... in conclusion, all of pure nature's wonders - truly a full panorama.
The main human characters are nice, well developed and well portrayed by respective actors.
Robert Hays is awesome as the kind-hearted dad, Bob Seaver.
Kim Greist is good as Laura Burnford.
Veronica Lauren is equally good as Hope.
Kevin Chevalia is conventional as the youngest and cute brother Jamie (his appearance actually reminds me very much of Kevin Corcoran in "Old Yeller").
Benj Thall is great as Peter Burnford.When it comes to our quadruped pals, Shadow is my favorite.
Shadow is the loyal, wise, mature, beautiful, caring and loving old Golden Retriever (brilliantly voiced by Don Ameche).
Chance, the American Bulldog, is the opposite of Shadow.
He is carefree, silly, impatient, anxious, clumsy, hilarious and loves to play (voiced by the talented Michael J.
Fox).
Chance just can't stand still.
Sassy is the epitome of cats's image: elegant, independent, very confident and self-proud, with a typical cat attitude but with a certain feline charm.
Sassy is a Seal Point Himalayan cat, one of the most beautiful cat breeds.
Sassy is voiced by Sally Field, who also does a good job.Our four-legged friends are, themselves, great "actors" by nature: Ben as Shadow, Rattler as Chance and Tiki as Sassy.It's an underrated movie, but a classic by its own right.
Its sequel is clearly inferior.This should definitely be on Top 250.
Mysterious murders in a European village seem the result of THE VAMPIRE BAT horde plaguing the terrified community.This surprisingly effective little thriller was created by Majestic Pictures, one of Hollywood's Poverty Row studios.
The sparse production values and rough editing actually add to its eerie atmosphere and lend it an almost expressionistic quality.
Overall, it leaves the viewer the feeling of being caught up in a bad dream, which is appropriate for a thriller of this sort.Even though the eventual explanation for the hideous crimes is quite ludicrous and is not given proper plot development, the film can boast of a good cast.
Grave Lionel Atwill gives another one of his typically fine performances, this time as a doctor doing scientific research in an old castle.
Beautiful Fay Wray plays his assistant in a role which requires her to do little more than look lovely & alarmed.
Dour Melvyn Douglas appears as the perplexed police inspector who also happens to be, conveniently, Miss Wray's boyfriend.Maude Eburne, who could be extremely funny given the right situation, steals most of her scenes as Miss Wray's hypochondriac aunt.
Elderly Lionel Belmore plays the village's terrified burgermeister.
And little Dwight Frye, who will always be remembered for his weird roles in the FRANKENSTEIN and Dracula films, here is most effective as a bat-loving lunatic.
First of all, I loved Bruce Broughton's music score, very lyrical, and this alone added to the film's charm.
The best aspect of the movie were the three animals, superlatively voiced by Michael J.Fox, Sally Field and the late Don Ameche.
Whereas Fox has the funniest lines, Ameche plays a rather brooding otherwise engaging character(the voice of reason), and Field adds wit into a character that is always seen telling Chance off.
The humans weren't as engaging, and sometimes the film dragged, but that is my only complaint.
This is one beautiful-looking film, with beautiful close up shots of Canada, I believe.
Although the film itself is quite long, there is never a seriously dull moment, and this is advantaged by the voice work and a well-written script.
All in all, a charming and perhaps underrated film, with a 9/10 from me.
Bethany Cox.
This movie is an eye opener for those who can only the glamorous lifestyles of the stars.
It tells you how people who would like to do good are not able to.
Plus the bomb blast scene is very real.What you read and are taught just does not happen!!
!Can raise your BP level by 10%All actors played their role very well.Some scenes may / could have been avoided to include teenagers.This movie is quite adult in nature.Not a movie that can be seen with family.Casting is great!!
!
This movie is one of my favorites because it makes me think of all the choices I have made and how my life would change if my choices had been different.
It plays right into the " Multiple Universe " theory.The only thing that doesn't ring true is how Larry Burrows ( James Belushi)has such a hard time understanding what is going on, that everything has changed.
This show is without a doubt one of the greatest shows ever to be on television.
I mean the acting is great, the suspense, the drama, the comedy, it has everything, and with such a simple story: A plane crashed on an island.
The characters are great and Evangeline Lilly is HOT!!!!!!
Matthew Fox once again shows us what a great actor he is, Josh Holloway is so great, Jorge Garcia is Hilarious, I could go on and on.
Also, the unexpected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode.
J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an excellent writer and producer he is.
I mean this is better than ALIAS, and I loved ALIAS.
Whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely consider getting the DVD's and watching it, because they are missing something great.
This show could possibly be the best show in television history!
!
...dont read any plot summaries because in words the plot might seem trivial, brain-dead and pointless.
The film is excellent, the acting by both Denzel and Dakota (she will go sky high, trust me on that)are just fabulous, and the plot is mind blowing.
Actually "fabulous" is a small word to use for such talented actors.
The film is just based on actual facts and some characters are not fictional, a fact that adds up to the shock that i was having during and after the film.
If you are fond of both actors and of somewhat deranged films, you still haven't watched your favorite one yet...Trust me, in the end you will have a weird and inexplicable feeling.
The film is awesome, see it, rent it, buy it or whatever...just don't miss it
This film was just absolutly brilliant.
It actually made me think.
During the whole movie I was confused as hell.
I loved everything about it...it was just so confusing and so twisted and weird, it was hard not to love it.
All of the actors were phenominal, and no one could have done a better job...This is one of my favorites of the year...it deserves an ocar.
This movie is great entertainment to watch with the wife or girlfriend.
There are laughs galore and some very interesting little nudist stories going on here.
The actresses are all very interesting and definitely worth watching in their natural beauty.
Maslin beach life is full of diverse nudists and personality types.
The Australian coast scenery is, simply, splendid to see.
What a place to visit, to say the least, and one day it may become my hideaway.
I really enjoy this movie and every time I watch it I enjoy it more.
I would love to see more of these characters and I always wonder what became of them.
Although the plot is somewhat soft, this movie is, of course, a great excuse to just sit back on the couch and enjoy the wonderful and famous Maslin beach with these wonderful nudists and their own personal stories.
i love this film.
the songs and story lines are great fun.
and the song "saying goodbye" always moves me.
what a brilliant thing to do to bring puppets to life, in a way that you actually care about these things made of cloth and fabric and whatever.
great voices and great talent.
why were all the other muppet films that came after this one so much less interesting, moving and funny?
is it that mr. henson is just so very missed?
THE JIST: See something else.This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel, but after watching it I can't figure out why.
The film is definitely original and different.
It even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy "noir" feel.
But it just isn't entertaining.
It also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations.
I don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.This is a difficult movie to take on -- I suggest you don't accept the challenge.
Child 'Sexploitation' is one of the most serious issues facing our world today and I feared that any film on the topic would jump straight to scenes of an explicitly sexual nature in order to shock and disturb the audience.
After having seen both 'Trade' and 'Holly', one film moved me to want to actually see a change in international laws.
The other felt like a poor attempt at making me cry for five minutes with emotive music and the odd suicide.
I do not believe that turning this issue into a Hollywood tear jerker is a useful or necessary strategy to adopt and I must commend the makes of 'Holly' for engaging subtly but powerfully with the terrible conditions these children are sadly forced to endure.
'Trade' wavered between serious and stupid with scenes involving the death of a cat coming after images that represented children being forced to commit some horrendous acts.
I found this unengaging and at times offensive to the cause.
If I had wanted a cheap laugh I would not have signed up for a film on child trafficking.
For anyone who would like to watch a powerful film that actually means something I would suggest saving the money on the cinema ticket for the release of 'Holly'.
This is the best movie I`ve ever seen !!!
Thomas Beckett & Richard Miller -two mankinds who want to survive in the "jungle" of violence and madnes, one shot - one killed !!?
You must kill, if you getting doubt about something, YOU MUST SURVIVE !
!P.P.- I appologise of my bad / worst/ English !!
!
This movie is nothing short of a dark, gritty masterpiece.
I may be bias, as the Apartheid era is an area I've always felt for.
But I'd say it ranks right up with Cry Freedom and Cry the Beloved Country.
Sadly up until a few days ago I'd never even heard of this movie.
Inside is one of the most underrated films of all time, probably because it was a small film company, I'd never even heard of it before.
Eric Stoltz, one of my favorite actors anyway, is believable and dramatic, Nigel Hawthorne plays his dastardly role well.
Do not look for humor in this film, there is none.
It is real, savage and gritty to the last, and to the sensitive I'd say bring a box of tissues.
But movies as great as this make you wonder, why is it that the greatest films are often never heard of?
I for one really like this movie for some reasons I'll go into late but I want to touch on why I think people don't like it.
First off, there are people out there who just like to hate Tom Cruise.
I don't understand it really.
Second, Cameron Crowe I think successfully p***es off two groups of movie-goers with this film.
The casual, relaxed, "not looking to think too hard" group of movie-goers are left confused when the plot takes a complete 180 at the end of the movie.
And the deep, philosophical, mystery-fans are devastated when Crowe has one of his characters completely explain the mystery.This is a good movie.
And Tom Cruise does a very good job in it.
I think it's probably his best performance from what I've seen all though I haven't seen all of his movies, or even a majority of them probably.
The supporting cast is good as well.
Penelope Cruz gives a solid performance and Jason Lee was enjoyable.I like the story, and I think that's what Vanilla Sky is more than anything.
It's a mystery, an adventure, and a romantic comedy, but it's mostly just a good story.
And it has a lot of philosophical undertones to it, and many similar ideas and stories like this occur in historical philosophy.
David Aames (Cruise) is the man that had everything he wanted, more or less lost it, was given a second chance with a catch to regain it all back, and in the end facing his demons and the full scope of what is happening, chooses reality, simplicity, and normality to see if he can finally find the one thing he could never get a grip on: happiness.Many people were disappointed that Crowe laid out the complete mystery at the end.
I think it's necessary.
The audience then knows beyond a shadow of a doubt that David is aware of his circumstances and it makes the choice at the end all the more powerful.And the music in the movie is great.
It's probably what makes the movie as enjoyable as it is.
Particularly, "Njosnavelin" by Sigur Ros, which is an amazing song.All in all, I'd give it 3 out 4 stars.
It's a movie with some substance for those who like to think things through, and a great story for those looking to relax.
That "moderate" approach is probably why people dislike it so much because it isn't a full blown mystery, or a full blown love story.
It mixes and matches different elements and genres.
I loved this movie for two reasons: 1) Jeff Combs is absolutely wonderful in it.
Plays the role of the modern wizard to the hilt.
(And is absolutely adorable.)
2) The movie helped to inspire a role-playing game I thoroughly enjoy, Mage: The Awakening.
I've shown it at various LARP after-parties, and it's always a big hit.D&D love and Jeff-squeeing aside, it's not exactly a masterpiece, but it's well-done and thoroughly enjoyable.
The plot is fast-moving and engaging in its simplicity, the special effects are pretty good for such a low budget, and the script, while nothing stellar, was not too badly done, and cheesy in all the right places.
A good way to spend an evening.
Okay, I am a fan of the Nightmare series and everyone says on here that this is the worst!
But it's NOT!!!
Haven't's you seen Freddy's Revenge???
WTF!
That was the worst of all!!!
Now this movie is pretty decent and it sticks to the Freddy story and it's cool that he had a daughter etc.
etc.And then I found out it was in 3-D!!!
I was so excited, I remember when I saw it on the DVD box set I instantly skipped to the 3-D sequences.
Quite a lot was in 3-D though like Lisa Zanes hand, Dream Demons, Freddy's Claw (more than once), Lezlie Dean holding a knife, Lisa Zane with a Baseball Bat, Doc's hand, Freddy's head exploding.I truly loved this movie because it was in 3-D, but I wish the whole movie was in 3-D not just the last 15 minutes.By the Way it's 15 minutes NOT TEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!
"The Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman who always wanted to be an actress but instead became one of the most famous pin up girls in the history of America.
Bettie Page played by Gretchen Mol was one of the first sex icons in America.
The type of modeling Bettie Page took part in included nudity and bondage which lead to a U.S Senate investigation in the 1950s.Walking out of the film, all I could think about was how far we have come in terms of pornography since the 1950s.
You can go on the internet now and find some of most disturbing and shocking images ever shot, that the footage questioned in "The Notorious Bettie Page" seems almost childlike and innocent.
Most of the footage including the bondage did not feature nudity when Bettie Page was involved yet today we have sick images where we can see women having sex with animals.
I find that maybe the envelope has been pushed a little too far since the 1950s because looking at this movie in terms of today's pornography, it was very tastefully done.To be honest, I was pretty impressed with "The Notorious Bettie Page," I found the film to be very well done and interesting.
The movie is exactly what the trailer leads you to believe it will be and is a very interesting look at one of the first female sex icons in America.
Gretchen Mol looks just like Bettie Page and gives a very fine performance.
I also thought that since the movie was shot in black and white it made the film seem realistic because it made the audience believe they were watching a film created in the late 1950s.My only complaint about the film was the running time, there seemed to be a few scenes that were cut and seemed to be a little shorter than they should have been.
I looked this up and it seems that 10 minutes was cut from the film since its original showing at the Toronto Film Festival.
Also the ending was pretty tame and I was expecting a little more from it or maybe some paragraphs to come on the screen to tell the audience more about Bettie Page's life where the film left off.
Those are my only two complaints about the film other than that the directing was solid, the acting was great especially Gretchen, and the writing was good.Mary Harron, who directed "American Psycho", which is one of my favorite films, is the director and writer of "The Notorious Bettie Page."
I feel that Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create a setting and create great movies based on characters because like "Psycho", Bettie Page is a character study and a fine one at that.
Harron captures the 40s and 50s with ease as well as all the characters.
She is a very talented director who I hope will be around for many years to come.Bottom Line: "The Notorious Bettie Page" is definitely worth a look.
It's a very interesting story that shows how far America, as well as the world, has come in terms of pornography.
The film also provides a fine performance by Gretchen Mol who literally nails the role of Bettie Page on the head.
And top it off with a talented director who was able to capture the look and feel of a previous era and you have a good movie on your hands.
Sadly, this film is probably going to flop since not many besides people who grew up in this era will show interest in the film but I think it's worth checking out.MovieManMenzel's final rating for "The Notorious Bettie Page" is a 8/10.
It's an interesting character study about one of the most famous pin up girls and sex icons in American history.
This is a bizzare look at Al's "life", back when he still a hyper 20-something.
The (real) home videos of Al as a kid are great, and the commentary from his (real life) parents gives a nice glimpse of just how Weird Al wound up as screwed up as he is.
This video is a must own for any devoted Al-coholic.
This is a film that everyone should watch.
Quite apart from raising hugely important points (while South Africa is on the road to recovery there are still many countries in similar situations now), it is superbly directed while Denzel Washington gives, in my opinion, the best performance in his career so far.
Kline also gives a good performance, although perhaps not as stunning as Washington's.
John Thaw also puts in a good turn as the Chief of Police.There are so many possible areas where a film on apartheid could fall down, but all of these have been avoided.
It would be easy to simply portray white people as the bad guys and black people as the good guys, but Attenborough has not done this.
Sure, there were some white characters who seemed inherently evil, such as the Captain at the Soweto uprising, but to add extra dimensions to all the characters would make the film unbearably long.
Some people complain about the length of the film as it is, but I think it needs the whole two and a half hours to tell the whole story, for it really is an incredible one.The best scene in the film is that of Steve Biko's funeral.
When the whole crowd begins to sing the South African national anthem, it is probably one of, if not the most moving scenes I have seen.If you haven't seen this film already: watch it.
It may not be comfortable viewing, but it's certainly worth it.
This film does not fail to engage and move, even in 2008 to an audience only familiar with modern over-produced sound and computer enhanced techniques.The experience of the movie goer in 1922 who could only see this in a cinema with others on their big screen must have been truly profound and a thoroughly satisfying experience.One has to ask could a film maker today make a two hour silent movie and make it interesting and achieve the same structure tempo and balance as this movie has.
Silent film making was pure art, it had to hold the attention through its structure, direction and acting - there was no padding out with more words or computer generated distractions.
A poorly made or uninteresting silent movie is unwatchable.This film needs to be put into context for those who might be disconcerted with the mention of Christian themes.
This is not a 'Christiany' film, it is not selling anything.
These themes along with reference to current moral standards often appear in this era - also church going on Sundays was a national past time, Christianity was a given in most households thus the film is only depicting normal life as it was then.
The themes would have rung true and deep at the time.It is most odd given the strong support to good Christian thinking of this particular movie (and it is not preaching religion to anyone, only highlighting the difference between hypocrites and the honest)that in 1922 a Pastor in an open debate with a representative from the film industry with a large crowd denounced Pickford as an example of immorality, along with some other individuals he named.
NY Times 1922.Maybe they should have watched this movie that also came out in 1922 and, learned some lessons.The Pastor complained that since the film industry had started church attendance had dropped 500,000.
The film representative in the debate however made the following observations; that saloon attendance had also dropped, that there were far more pastors in prison than actors (fact) and that selecting a few examples from among the many was not representative of the whole.Thus there was an ongoing battle between church and the film industry during the early days of film.This is a wonderful film about being honest and true to family friends and to be willing to make sacrifices.
Mary Pickford, naive, honest, feisty, full of happiness and joy, faithful, humorous and silently sacrificing - though poor and uneducated she represented the perfect character.
This however is not thrust down our throat but revealed bit by bit through the film.This is reminiscent of some modern Chinese films where characters are slowly, languidly revealed over the course of a film and it is this tempo that creates a stronger connection with the character.
It has a smooth even tempo for the first half that builds all the elements for the last section.
The last 30 minutes are great film making and it has to be appreciated it was achieved without the benefit of sound, running dialog - it was achieved through deft acting and great directing.
It is sometimes surprising to realize that at the end of the film you haven't hear a word spoken, but it feels like you have heard everything.The supporting cast put in great performances especially Gloria Hope, Jean Hersholt and Lloyd Hughes.
The final few minutes are typical Pickford understated humor as she goes outside under the pretext of sweeping the snow, a near perfect balance and ending.
This is a special type of touching humor that should not be underestimated.
Chaplin used this device often and copied some of from Pickford.Another special observation to be made about Silent films and especially Pickford films is that the star often has to hold the camera for much of the movie without the audience becoming jaded or bored, with the actors over-exposure.
That Pickford is usually thoroughly the center of attention through most of her movies but the people still couldn't get enough of her is a testament to her fine acting ability.
I actually like this movie even though I don't fancy James Belushi very much.
In this movie, you can actually see several big names on the rise, Linda Hamilton and Courteney Cox namely; Caine's was already big of course.
The plot in this movie is simple; its just like that Sliding Door movie.
It however was told in a light-hearted manner and I like the comedy moments in it.
It made me trying to relive my own important moments in live, eg what if I've taken that girl out for a movie, and not the other etc.
It tells us that people around us could have taken different roles in our lives if some minute details were to change.
It also reminds us to be careful what we wish for.
Life is not always as good on the other side as we think; maybe, what we have now is the best for us, all things considered.
The movie "Holly" is the story of a young girl who has been sold by her poor family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous "K11" red light village.
In the movie, Holly is waiting to be sold at a premium for her virginity when she meets Patrick who is losing money and friends through gambling and bar fights.
Patrick and Holly have an immediate bond over their "stubbornness", but this is all disrupted when Holly is sold to a child trafficker and disappears.
As movie goers, we are then thrust into Patrick's pursuit to find Holly again.
Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle but her confusion on what is right and wrong.
"Holly" carries us through the beautiful and harsh Cambodia while discovering that HOLLY is not just one girl.
She is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and violated every year with no rights or protection.Holly is less extreme than its subject matter might suggest, such as documentaries that involve 4-year olds and sexual trafficking, but does manage to shed considerable light on Cambodian / Vietnamese trafficking of children into prostitution.
It is a moving story that helps to shed light on the horrible situation in which many children face and their struggles to trust and realize what is right and wrong.Patrick, the antagonist of the film is an American dealer of stolen artifacts who is also losing money and friends while playing cards and getting into bar fights.
While on a journey, his motorbike runs out of fuel, and he is forced to rent a room at a brothel.
During his stay he comes across Holly, a twelve year old girl who has been sold by her parents and is being abducted into slavery and prostitution.
Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding.
He discovers a clever, stubborn girl beneath the traumatized exterior and becomes determined to save her -- though their strictly platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone they meet.
When she suddenly disappears, he starts a journey to track her down, without having thought if he can really help her.Holly is able to escape on her way to another brothel, when she jumps from the truck and runs into a field filled with mines.
A mine is set off by a cow and the truck driver believes she is dead, so Holly is then left on her own.
During Patrick's journey to find holly he meets a social worker who tries to talk some sense into him and shares the facts with him that haunts the Cambodian region.
The idea of paying for her freedom simply fuels the demand, she explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year it could be 60,000.
"I'm not trying to save 60,000," he tells her, "I'm trying to save one."
Patrick discovers that the idea of whisking her to safety is quickly put to rest when the social worker tells him that the US will not let him adopt and, although it takes five minutes to 'save' a child, it takes five years to reintegrate her into society.
Patrick is not affected by the information and he continues his quest to find Holly.The audience is then shown that Holly makes it to a small town and is foraging for food with other homeless children.
She is then befriended by a local policemen who seem little better than criminals with a badge, when they sell her to another brothel and then make a deal to a Vietnamese businessman who then takes her virginity.
Holly then seems to think that this is her destiny and when Patrick finally find her, she is willing to "yum yum" and "boom boom" her distant friend.
Patrick is utterly confused by this change in behavior, but he is not deterred in his plan to take her away from this world.
In the end, he steals her away and brings her to a safe-land in the comfort of the social worker.
Holly is given fresh clothes, if feed and brought to a dance class, but she is forbidden to see Patrick.
This intense yearning to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, she runs away from the safe house and back onto the streets in Cambodia.Meanwhile, Patrick is dealing with the decision to leave the country and flee back to the United States or to stay in Cambodia.
His thoughts continue to revert back to Holly and during a visit to a bar; an older male sees the picture he is holding and comments on his sexual appetite when he had sex with her.
This enrages Patrick and he hits the man and runs out of the bar.
Eventually, Patrick is caught by the police in the eyes of Holly, who is hiding behind a pole.The movie "Holly" may make the audience want to donate money towards organizations that improve the life for these poor youngsters, and even campaign to reduce the amount of brothels in the region, but the film's dramatic weaknesses may reduce its chances of being seen by enough people to make a difference.
Overall, I think the concept is better as a documentary and it was not as touching as a movie.
The actors did a great job of showing their raw emotion and the true confusion of the youngsters who are affected by this lifestyle, but in the end, the harsh lifestyle of the region and the desperate notions of the parents who sell their children to uphold their own starvation, does nothing to help the children's situations.
I'm not sure if this is some kind of masterpiece or just sleazy fluff elevated by the performances and visuals.
Whatever the case, I'm sure I loved it.
From the wonderfully twisted, lurid, intertwining stories, to the deliciously sinister performances from Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone, to the vivid, gaudy colour with which it's all captured, this is high-class trash and it's great fun.
Not to mention the amusingly sly and thinly veiled sexual subtexts which permeate the entire film, always threatening to escape from the image into the dialogue but never doing so.
I'd be lying if I said that the film's sheer entertainment value didn't contribute to my love for it, but there's some sort of bizarre artistry behind the unintentional (or was it?)
comedy and I really, really dug that.
I could really get into this melodrama stuff.
In some ways, The Wrath of Kriemhild surpasses Siegfried's Death, but it also loses some of that film's greatness.
The plot of this one is more cohesive than the first, which is quite amazing.
The second half of the actual poem is a lot sloppier and a lot harder to tread through, until, that is, you get to the climactic battle scenes; only the Iliad's are better.
Lang and Harbou embellished the Huns.
The poet-compiler of the Nibelungenlied didn't know a Hun from his right ball, and as a result they are, more or less, the same as the Burgundians in custom.
For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a heathen (which is Kriemhild's main concern as Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when she gets to Hunland, the first thing she does is go to mass.
The Huns here are clearly heathens; they're almost like caveman.
The depiction of them is hilarious, especially Verbal, the jester, who has two marvelous scenes.
Etzel's character has been given more weight.
He is much more formidable.
All he does is bemoan his fate in the original poem.
Lang and Harbou are masterful at building suspense, especially at the banquet scene, which is intercut with Verbal's second performance to an amazing effect.
However, as is the nature of this half of the poem, the film's amazing technical accomplishments are missing in this one, for the most part, except for a dazzling sequence where Etzel's hall burns down with the Nibelungs inside.
The one thing I do have to object to is the way Harbou changes the ending.
SPOILERS: in the poem, after Hildebrand captures Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned.
Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he has hidden the horde.
He refuses and she herself decapitates her brother.
When Hagen still refuses, she decapitates him.
Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman would presume to murder a great warrior that he, in turn, decapitates her, calling her a "Devil Woman".
Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says something silly like: "Ah me!"
I can understand why they would want to keep a unity of time and place as Hildebrand brings them from the castle; to retain the prison settings of the two deaths would make the film very anticlimactic.
I also understand why they didn't have Hildebrand kill Kriemhild: his character is much reduced here; his name is only mentioned once.
But, to have Kriemhild kill herself, adopting Brynhild's death from the Icelandic sources, is just catering to the audience instead of challenging them.
The point of the poem is that Kriemhild's wrath goes far beyond it should into the realm of pure evil.
Here, we simply have her die for her lost love.
It's not as interesting.
It's not well shot, well written or well acted but it has to be the most addictive show I've seen since Twin Peaks.
Every single revelation is timed so well that you have to see the next episode to get any kind of closure.
They have even slowed down the pace of the show where they only reveal tiny amounts of information per episode however it feels like they've just told you everything you wanted to know.
However some of the acting is just about awful and some of the duologue is downright brutal.
Some characters are very two dimensional.
The more experienced actors like Locke and Ecko really stand out over actors who play Jack, Kate, Sayid and so on.
The development of the show can also be very frustrating as the following episode may not show what the previous episode lead up to.
Annoying side plots have become part of the story that sometimes tell you nothing.
However, the second season has developed to a point where back stories reveal more about the island than they had previously.
All in all its a great show but not perfect.
I have to admit that Holly was not on my watch list for the Edinburgh Film Festival.
However, after the Artistic Director of the Festival specifically recommended this film to an audience of over 200 people prior to the screening of another film, I decided to go to see it.
Wow!
This film is dealing with the very difficult issue of child prostitution and does so without any compromise.
I have found myself crying a number of times during the movie and laughing at others.
Speaking about an emotional roller coaster.The lead actor (Thuy Nguyen) is a Vietnamese newcomer (who was only 14 at the time of filming) and had to tackle this incredibly complex and difficult role.
She reminded me of Keisha Castle-Hughes from Whale Rider but the role here is much more demanding as she has to play a child prostitute.
Chances are that she will win numerous awards.The main story is about a girl who was sold to prostitution by her family and held as a sex-slave in a brothel in Cambodia.
She meets an American (played by Ron Livingston in a strong dramatic role that we are not used to see from him), who after spending some time with her decides to help her.
By that time however, she is sold again and he is going on a search for her around Cambodia.
The story turns and twists and the audience can never predict what will happen next.The acting was strong across the board with a very interesting international cast.
Udo Kier (very convincing as a sex tourist), Virgine Ledoyen (touching as a social worker) and Chris Penn (one of his last movies).
The Asian cast was also superb.Although the film deals with this difficult subject matter it focuses successfully on telling a compelling, powerful story.
It was shot in Cambodia (some scenes in real operating brothels) which adds to the feeling that you are almost watching a documentary.
It seems that the DP used a lot of hand held camera and close-ups and overall it made you feel like you are right there as part of the story.After the screening, I was listening to other members of the audience as they left and it seemed that they were all stunned.
This is not an easy film to watch and I salute the filmmakers for not making a "Hollywood Film.
"It is by far the best film I have seen in the Edinburgh Film Festival.
Opinion shared by my husband and a couple of other friends.
Uneducated & defiant, beautiful TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY is the daughter of a fisherman squatting on a rich man's land.
Spirited & bold, she captures the heart of the millionaire's son, but violence, terror & sudden death are what will haunt her immediate future before she can claim the sweet peace of happiness.Mary Pickford is utterly charming in this splendid, heart-wrenching film.
She considered Tess to be her favorite role and she fills it with all the spunky joy & enthusiasm which made her for years the world's most popular movie star.
The story has all the essential elements for a modern fairy tale, with Mary the lovely, distressed heroine beset by all manner of dangerous, stressful situations.
The atmospherics are first-rate, with the outdoor fishing village sets being particularly well-conceived.In the supporting cast, Jean Hersholt stands out as the vile villain who tries forcing Pickford to marry him.
Hersholt, a very gentle soul off screen, manages brilliantly to depict his character's complete moral corruption.This was actually the second time Pickford filmed TESS.
A 1914 version had been one of her first important films, but its production values were a bit antiquated by the standards of the 1920's (no close-ups, for instance) and Mary, producing her own films & powerful enough by 1922 to make whatever film she wanted, decided for the only time in her career to remake a film.
The end result certainly lived up to her expectations.
Both films were very popular at the box office.A fascinating study for some future film researcher would be the influence of Christianity in Mary Pickford's life; it certainly runs like a golden thread through the silent movies she produced.
Although the romanticism inherent in the very nature of silent cinema might cause these spiritual sentiments to appear somewhat awkward today, we are compelled to accept them as sincere reflections, by their very repetition, of Mary's heartfelt beliefs.
In TESS, one beautiful scene in particular stands out in this regard: Pickford is teaching herself to read using a Bible.
She indicates to Lloyd Hughes (who plays her sweetheart) a word from near the back of the Book that she does not understand.
He mimes it for her (the word is obviously `crucified') and, eyes turned Heavenward as the full meaning of the Sacrifice dawns upon her, Mary's face becomes positively beatific.A splendid new orchestral score for TESS has been supplied by Jeffrey Mark Silverman which perfectly underscores the beauty & pathos of this wonderful film.
I am a huge fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire, and Almost Famous (I wasn't that big on Singles), so it's safe to say that I look forward to anything that Cameron Crowe attaches his name to.
I went to see Vanilla Sky having been told that it was a very weird movie and that I probably wouldn't like it if I was expecting anything similar to Crowe's other films.
Well, having just seen it, let me say that the former was correct, and the latter couldn't have been more wrong.
It is a very weird movie, and nothing really comes together until the end.
Anyone who tells you that they saw it coming halfway into the movie is either lying to you or is unable to detach their hindsight from their memory.
Anyway, the movie was stellar, and I look forward to owning it as soon as the DVD is released.
I was moved by the film, and felt emotionally spent by the end.
This is an experience that will draw from the viewer the entire spectrum of human emotion, if the viewer allows him/herself into the plot.
In the theatre in which I saw the movie, there were more than a few people who clearly lost track of the movie and were bored by it when they found that they were unable to get back into the plot.
I'm sure others just lack the ability to properly follow any movie like this.
I don't mean that to sound pompous, but some people are more cut out for the Seagal, Chan, Van Damme genre of movies, and these are the types that probably would not enjoy this movie.
It is very cerebral, so make sure you are prepared for a two hour mental bender, as well as much thought afterwards.As far as comparing this film to other Crowe movies, it is very similar in at least one regard, in all Crowe movies, the soundtrack is a character unto itself.
This is almost definitely due to Crowe's longstanding ties to music, as anyone who has seen Almost Famous knows, and to his marriage to Heart star Nancy Wilson.
It was also worthy to note that there was a definite chemistry between Tom Cruise's acting and Crowe's directing that made the movie seem familiar to anyone who has seen Jerry Maguire.
In my mind, that is not a bad thing.Anyway, if I had to compare this movie to any one other film, I would say this: if you enjoyed David Fincher's The Game, you will almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
"Vanilla Sky" was a wonderfully thought out movie.
Or rather, "Abre Los Ojos" was well thought out.
I watched that movie late one night, excited about what was to come.
I wasn't disappointed.
By the end of the movie, I was awstruck.
I couldn't get it off my mind.
The whole idea of it just blew me away.
The ending, was more of a surprise than Shyamalan could ever do.
The plot line was also something that kept me interesting through and through.
The cast, superb.
It was an all around wonderful movie.
The kind of movie you can watch again and again and always find something new.
I've seen it four or five times and I'm always finding something new.
It's a movie to keep you interested forever.
Following the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (aka.
"Hanzo The Razor - Sword Of Justice", 1972) and its excellent (and even sleazier) sequel "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (aka.
"Razor 2: The Snare", 1973), this "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban" aka.
"Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is the third, and sadly final installment to the awesome saga about the incorruptible Samurai-constable Hanzo 'The Razor' Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu), who fights corruption with his fighting expertise as well as his enormous sexual powers.
As a big fan of 70s exploitation cinema made in Nippon, "Sword Of Justice" became an instant favorite of mine, and I was therefore more than eager to find the sequels, and full of anticipation when I finally stumbled over them recently.
While this third "Hanzo" film is just not quite as brilliant as its predecessors it is definitely another great piece of cult-cinema that no lover of Japanese exploitation cinema can afford to miss.
"Who's Got The Gold" is a bit tamer than the two foregoing Hanzo films, but it is just as brilliantly comical and crudely humorous, and immediately starts out fabulously odd: The film begins, when Hanzo's two assistants see a female ghost when fishing.
Having always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo insists that his assistants lead him to the site of the occurrence...
If that is not a promising beginning for an awesome film experience, I don't know what is.
Shintaro Katsu, one of my personal favorite actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written specifically for him.
Katsu IS Hanzo, the obstinate and fearless constable, who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors, and whose unique interrogation techniques include raping female suspects.
The interrogated women than immediately fall for him, due to his sexual powers and enormous penis, which he trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual.
I will not give away more about the plot in "Who's Got The Gold", but I can assure that it is as cool as it sounds.
The supporting performances are also very good, and, as in the predecessors, there are plenty of hilariously eccentric characters.
This is sadly the last film in the awesomely sleazy 'Hanzo' series.
If they had made 20 sequels more, I would have happily watched them all!
The entire Hanzo series is brilliant, and while this third part is a bit inferior compared to its predecessors, it is definitely a must-see for all lovers of cult-cinema!
Oh how I wish they had made more sequels!
I can't agree with any of the comments.
First time I saw the film on a UK TV channel, it was presented as an indie film and if you take the film under this angle I think it's an all different matter.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing and got hooked instantly.
The plot may be as bad as a JS's show (ie there is no plot) but the acting is wicked, it's hilarious and it's all in all an incredible trash movie.
It says as much about America than a Bully or a Ken Park without the drama perspective but it gives a glimpse on the US society, and more precisely on what afternoon TV viewers in America (and I believe there are plenty of them !)
are interested in.
After all it's the neighbours we're talking about, don't we ?100% fun !
I show this film to university students in speech and media law because its lessons are timeless: Why speaking out against injustice is important and can bring about the changes sought by the oppressed.
Why freedom of the press and freedom of speech are essential to democracy.
This is a must-see story of how apartheid was brought to the attention of the world through the activism of Steven Biko and the journalism of Donald Woods.
It also gives an important lesson of free speech: "You can blow out a candle, but you can't blow out a fire.
Once the flame begins to catch, the wind will blow it higher."
(From Biko by Peter Gabriel, on Shaking the Tree).
The film is exceptional in it's gay iconography and extends this beyond the asthetics to the music and cast.
Throughout the whole film exists a childlike wonder as seen through the eyes of the main character.
Her lighthearted take on the world around us is comical and beautiful.
In a way it's a slacker movie for girls.
Watch this is you fancy a relaxing entertaining mid-night movie.
Buy this if you like diferent takes on the world of media and love combined (?
).
Another Norman Lear hit detailing the problems that African Americans had to go through in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.With Esther Rolle and husband along with 3 children living in a Chicago high-rise project in a predominantly black neighborhood, the show depicted what black people were going through with a landlord (black agent Mr. Bookman) as well as prices and the day-to-day problems of just existing.The 3 children depicted how people seem to face their problems differently- from the comical JJ to the militant Ralph Carter, to their daughter who also aspired to attain success, this show was a perfect description of African-American life.
This Showtime movie really deserves a far better viewer rating than a 4.5; I gave it a 10 based on the story and the acting of the two stars.
After reading the viewer comments, I was surprised at how many folks expected this movie to be a comedy.
Yeah, I see that IMDb lists it as Comedy/Drama under Genre.
That sure is misleading, isn't it?
Fortunately, I saw the movie before logging onto this website so I did not have that expectation.
In fact, based on the synopsis of what I heard, I fully expected it to simply be a Drama.
I'm wondering if disappoint at this not being a funny movie caused so many low votes.Another factor that might have caused low votes is that this movie is very much 'character-driven'.
'Driving Miss Daisy' is an example of another character-driven movie that comes to mind.
Someone's previous comment complained about a boring trial.
Tom's (Danny Glover) work scenes seemed to distract from the real plot of the movie.
That is, how he was engineering the upward social climb of his family - or his personal troops, if you will.
However, they served to establish credibility and justification as his right to move to Greenwich and move 'up' in the world.Tom's obsession became a compulsion.
He proved that he would stop at nothing to blend into the white neighborhood.
His chagrin when another black person moved next door was not due to skin color.
It was because of everything the 'interloper' represented; everything that Tom had left behind.
In essence, Tom had become an Oreo cookie: Black on the outside but White on the inside.The last 20 minutes of this movie are among the most powerfully written, directed and acted (by Whoopi Goldberg) I have ever had the pleasure to witness.
I realized that the climax of the film was not the obvious event that happened next door (don't want to give it away).
The climax is verbal and Whoopi delivers it.
I am still not clear if it is the conversation when she informs Tom which college Tom -Two is going to or when she releases it, all in the middle of the night and Tom wakes up.
Nevertheless, the denouement is great.
You know that life on that street will never be the same.My favorite kind of character-driven flick: people go through problems, some pain, do their dance, they grow, they change, and life goes on.
As an audience member, I may learn something or be inspired.
i love this TV series so much.
it contains animation that is interesting and beautiful.
i cant believe that they cut it off TV, and also that i never found out whether cybersix and data7 die or not, apparently they survive, but I'm not sure.
Cybersix was by far the BEST TV show ever.
i know its to late to hope they will start the series over again so I'm really glad i got to watch it.
I LUVED IT SO MUCH <3 its about a women by the name of cybersix, she is not human.
She goes by adrian sieldman, a man teacher at a highschool.
Now cybersix is actually a women, she is just disguised as a man in the day.
By night cybersix patrols the city.A guy by the name of Von reichter is the one who created cybersix, and once he finds put she is alive he uses everything he can to capture her.IF u have never watched it before u should totally download it.
It was the best TV show in the world.
Why did they cut it off????
some people have issues.
but I'm glad i got to watch the 13 episodes.
This is one of the greatest child-pet movies ever created.
I cry every time I see Shadow yelling "Wait, wait for me Peter!"
as the family car is pulling away.
This is a must see if you love animals!
Best Movie Ever!
The lines in the movie are sometimes stupid.
Like when Sassy says to Chance; "Cat's Rule and dogs drool!"
Lines like this I could do without, but when I was six I bet I loved that line.
The storyline may seem hooky to some, but I like it.
Shadow as the older dog who's preparing Chance to take over for him when he's gone is really moving when you think about it.
It reminded me of my childhood dog.
I think everyone can find a piece of themselves in "Homeward Bound."
This episode from the first season slightly edges towards controversy with the whole gender bending angle.I imagine there would have been a significant amount of editing before this was finished to appease censors.The story itself is original and well written and the directing is complemented by the fine acting.
(Nicholas Lea makes his X-Files debut though not as Agent Krycek but as a victim called Michael) I especially enjoyed the built up to and the ending itself.Its different but enjoyable.Ignore any bad reviews you may hear.Watch it for yourself and make judgement then
As with most of Eleanor Powell's films, this one plays out along the flimsiest of plots.
For some reason -- oh it is explained!
-- she's selected to transport a magnetic mine to Cuba.
Good guys and bad guys compete for the mine and who is who gets confusing.
But, as always, Powell's dancing is superb and worth the price of admission.
And in this one Lahr plays his cowardly lion, evoking warm memories of that Technicolor film of 1939.
A fringe benefit is hearing a young Frank, with that wonderful voice and skinny vulnerability that he abandoned for his wise-guy persona later on.
In addition, the great drummer, Buddy Rich, has a wonderful time displaying his virtuosity.
Watch particularly for his unique duet with Dorsey's trumpet man, Ziggy Elman.
I say "unique" perhaps in ignorance, but I know of no other drum/trumpet sequence like this one on film or records.
This film is fun.
Even Skelton's goofy persona is relatively restrained.
Powell shows again that she is the greatest film dancer ever.
Very slow-paced, but intricately structured and ultimately very touching.
A nice, very true-to-life look at a small Florida beach town in the dead of winter -- I've been there, and this is absolutely accurate.It's also the debut feature of actress Ashley Judd, and she makes a big impression here.
It's hard to believe this film is 12 years old -- I remember seeing it in theaters, and I recently rented "Ruby" again.
Except for the 80's looking clothes, it has held up very nicely.
Ashely is so radiant and touching here, that it's hard to think of her subsequent career without wincing.
Boy, talk about failing to fulfill your early promise!
Anyone seeing Ashley here in "Ruby In Paradise" would assume this elegant, natural beauty went on to all kinds of interesting art films and serious acting -- instead she has become the "go to" girl for dumb action films and slasher movies!
Very disappointing, but at least we have this lovely performance preserved to showcase her early promise.As some other commenter's say, this is not for everyone as it's very slow paced.
This is not an action film, nor is it really a romance.
The director (Victor Nunez, "Ulees Gold", another excellent character study) treats this ordinary young woman's life with deep respect, allowing her story to build slowly and with a lot of detail.
In that way, I think this is one of the most moving and respectful coming-of-age stories about young women that I can recall -- it's not about Ruby's sexual awakening or "how she lost her virginity", but about her life choices and her growing maturity.A lovely film, if you take the time to watch it...I think it would be a really excellent film to show teens and young girls (or boys for that matter) and give them a chance to think about and discuss it.Particular kudos to director Nunez, who also wrote the script, which is so realistic and nicely detailed that I assumed all through the movie that it was based on a female-written novel or memoir, but in fact it's Mr. Nunez's original work.
Rated 8 out of 10.
This is one of my favorite family movies.
Loved it when I was little and it still holds up with me now that I'm older.
I still laugh at all the same old jokes and might even shed a tear a times.
I never have much cared for animals talking, or at least UN-animated ones but this one I'll stand up for.
It's a pretty old movie but it will always hold a place in my heart.There aren't any other live animal movies that I can think of at the moment that I even could compare with, let alone like as much as this one.
I might be giving too much praise to this movie but I don't think show.
I really holds that great message that" Home is where the heart is."
Or at least that's the message I gained from it.
Definitely recommended for a good old family movie night.
In this Muppet movie, Kermit, Miss Piggy, Fozzie, Gonzo, Rowlf, Scooter, Camillia, Dr. Teeth, Floyd, Animal, Janice, and Zoot are college graduates who decide to bring their successful college musical, Manhattan Melodies, to Broadway.
Unfortunately, no producer will even meet with the Muppets.
After being denied by too many producers, Scooter suggests that the Muppets decide to move on on their own.
However, Kermit still believes that he can get his show on Broadway, but after he finally does and let's everybody know that he sold the show, Kermit get's amnesia and the others don't know where he is.This features many great scenes, including a live action sequence that introduced the Muppet Babies, a wedding sequence filled with Muppets, including the Sesame Street cast and Traveling Matt (from Fraggle Rock), Scooter as a movie theatre usher, and a scene where Rizzo and the other rats cook breakfast.My only complaint is that more characters weren't included more.
Sure, many of them appear at the wedding, but there should have been some significant roles for Bunsen, Beaker, Beauregard, and Sweetums, and Lips should have been part of The Electric Mayhem in this movie like he was in The Muppet Show's last season and The Great Muppet Caper, and Miss Piggys dog Foo Foo should have been with her as well (after all, Rizzo The Rat, also performed by Steve Whitmire, had a big part in this movie, and he wasn't very well-known at the time).
I enjoyed this movie quite a lot.
I have always been a fan of Whoopi Goldberg and this movie only emphasizes it.
She portrays a housewife in an African-American family which is moving up the social chain due to the husband's (Danny Glover) success as an attorney.
She moves to an all white neighborhood where the people are friendly, yet a little awkward toward her.
The various events that arise during the course of the movie make for SOME laughs but mostly appeal to the other emotions.
This movie is not so much a comedy as a drama.
I give it a strong 8/10.
I highly recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon.
I saw this film last night at a special movie theater showing in Nürnberg, and it was superb.
I do have to admit that the original music composition of the cello player and percussion/xylophone player influenced the mood of the film, but the film itself also had force in its portrayal of the tragic Nibelungen saga.If you are interested in silent films or in the Nibelungenlied, I highly recommend this film.
The costumes were fantastic and creative, the sets were opulent and exotic, and the acting was dramatic and breathtaking (as is typical of silent film "tragedies") Unfortunately, I have not seen the first part of this film duo that concerns Siegfried.
The story of this second film begins after Siegfried's death, when Kremhild (Gudrun in the Norse versions of the story) begins to plan her revenge against her brothers.Also, I watched this film in German; I am a native English speaker and have a basic German knowledge.
It was difficult to read the ?subtitles (what do you call that in silent films?)
at first because of the old style German script, so I advise that if you watch it in German that you make sure you can differentiate your "k's", "f's", and "s's" in the old script.
:)
Here is proof of why Mary Pickford was `America's Sweetheart.'
In this rather complex drama, Mary plays the young daughter of a squatter that dare to dream of a relationship with the son of one of the `hill-toppers.'
The scenes where they steal a kiss and otherwise fall in love are simply delightful.
She is even willing to take a bath.
That Mary could pull this role off at the age of 30 is simply amazing and somewhat due to her diminutive stature (5').Tess must face numerous physical and emotional challenges.
She does so with spunk not seen in many heroines of the time.
Tess packs a wallop and is not shy about fighting with anyone.
Why she agrees to help the `hill-topper' daughter is beyond me, but she sacrifices her own happiness in order to keep a deep secret.
Pickford's close ups are wonderful.Danish-born Jean Hersholt is simply wonderful as the villain.
The scene in which he manhandles a small baby is enough to make you throw vegetables (or whatever) at the movie screen.
If Forrest Robinson (who plays Daddy Skinner) had worn a beard, he would have been a match for the model used in those World War I recruiting posters of Uncle Sam  Wants You!Although the story is somewhat predictable and slow in the beginning, it is worth the investment in your time to see the piece or pure `Americana.'
The film highlights choices available to us all involving making someone else happy and what it is to be a real Christian.
Recommended.
At a time in our culture where reality exposed as narrative is overpowering fiction as we know it on the small and big screen, "Apart From That" is a film that exposes real life moments that feel more honest, fresh and innovative in there presentation than I have ever seen before.
The usual spoon feeding conventions are non existent in this film, leaving a content audience to sit and watch these real life moments trickle one after the other on the screen.
While watching the movie, and even upon post contemplation, it is hard to believe that these amazing performances where actually that, performances.
Every moment with the large cast of actors felt like the truth being exposed in their daily usual lives.
Even so, "Apart From That" does not feel like a documentary or reality television, but instead transcends into a category of its own, with its unique cinematography and direction.
I look forward to watching this new category of storytelling continue with other films by directors Jennifer Shainin and Randy Walker.This movie must be seen.
This was what black society was like before the crack epidemics, gangsta rap, and AIDS that beset the ghettos in the eighties.
Decent, hardworking families that struggled to get by and all the traumas and tribulations they faced.
Black America was a different group of people in the seventies.
Still full of hope and flying high on the civil rights movements of the sixties, times were hard but still worth fighting for.
Keepin' your head above water, making a wave when you can, this show showed how black society struggled to work together as people and families, before they started to prey on each other and everyone else in order to survive the horrors of the ghettos.
It is heart-breaking to see what the black ghettos were like then and what they have become now.
I was surprised at how a movie could be both cheesy and excellent at the same time.
The Frisbee flying saucer was naff beyond comprehension, especially when landing, yet the specially effects when the Krell attacked were awesome for a film that was made over half a century ago!
Living in the middle east I saw shades of Islam creep in when JJ Adams suggested Alta should dress more modestly, and as an engineer, was amazed by the imagination used for the 'futuristic' gadgets, and gizmos dreamed up by the props department.
All in all, an entertaining hour and a half, my first time seeing Walter Pidgeon and a chance to see Leslie Neilsen as a 'young' man
Rob Estes, Josie Bisset and a crap load of kids that look nothing like either of them.Basically, Rob and Josie have a shotgun wedding on a drunken night during a Vegas vacation.
They each come home to find that their respective children already know of the nuptials due to tabloid-like not-so-fodder.
They, Rob and Josie, move both of them and their eight kids into one or the other's house.Rob builds furniture, I think, which is close enough to Frank Lambert's (Patrick Duffy) construction job on the much similar Step by Step to warrant eternal mockage.Josie is some sort of cookie-making queen, though it doesn't look like she makes any of the cookies.
Not close enough to Carol Foster's (Suzanne Somers)hairdressing job to warrant likeness mockage, but hilariously preposterous enough to warrant atrocity mockage.Unlike Step by Step, they were a couple before the vacation and actually knew one another's last names, or so one assumes if their serious enough about a relationship to take a trip together.Anyhow, there are eight kids; Moira, Sandy, Jeff, Lily, Daisy, Nathan, Andrew L. and Andrew B. I, personally, think they should've just called the younger Andrew 'Andy'.There's a lot of product placement, particularly for Soup at Hand (Which is disgusting) and Listerine Pocket Packs.
There are also some stupid, senseless moments.
It's also not a great film to promote happy families.But, hey!
Rob Estes!
This concludes my review of 'Step By Step... on some really bad drugs.'
Watch it for Rob Estes and his pretty!eyes.
There are some great pretty!eyes shots.
This is an "odysessy through time" via computer animation, supposedly th work of over 300 artists.
Made in the late '80s and released in 1990, this was cutting edge stuff for the day.
I thought it was good and quite interesting in spots.Most of the short scenes made no sense, just forms evolving into other forms, but that was fun to watch.
This is all about visuals, not really about any kind of a story.
There were some strange sequences in which odd-looking men- creatures would dance around with birds overheard.
All of it is computer animated which was new back then.
Even the term "computer animated" was not well-known.It's simply a chance to show off this new technology in short bits of cartoon-like happenings with beautiful colors and imaginative scenes.
No words, just pictures with electronic music.
Stoners must have really loved this.It's a nice, intriguing 40 minutes of "eye candy" and "head candy."
By today's CG effects this may have lost impact, but I think you'd still be entertained by this.
If there's one genre that I've never been a fan of, it's the biopic.
Always misleading, filled with false information, over-dramatized scenes, and trickery all around, biopics are almost never done right.
Even in the hands of the truly talented directors like Martin Scorsese (The Aviator) and Ron Howard (A Beautiful Mind), they often do a great disservice to the people they are trying to capture on screen.
Skeptiscism takes the place of hype with the majority of biopics that make their way to the big screen and the Notorious Bettie Page was no different.
Some critics and moviegoers objected to Gretchen Mol given the role of Bettie Page, saying she was no longer a celebrity and didn't have the chops for the part.
I never doubted Mol could handle the part since, but I never expected to as blown as away by her performance as I was upon just viewing the film hours ago.
Mol delivers a knockout Oscar worthy performance as the iconic 1950's pin-up girl, who, after an early life of abuse (depicted subtlety and tastefully done, something few directors would probably do) inadvertently becomes one of the most talked about models of all time.
The picture covers a lot of ground in its 90 minute running time yet despite no less than three subplots, there is still a feeling that there may be a small portion missing from the story.
Director/co-writer Marry Harron and Guinevere Turner's fantastic script is only marred by a too abrupt and not as clear as it should be ending.
Still, credit must be given to the two ladies for creating a nearly flawless biopic that manages to pay tribute to both its subject and the decade it emulates masterfully.
Come Oscar time, Mol, Turner, and Harron should be receiving nominations.
Doubt it will happen, though there certainly are no three women more deserving of them.
9/10
As anyone old enough knows, South Africa long suffered under the vile, racist oppression of apartheid, which completely subjugated the black population.
One of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was Steve Biko, who was murdered in jail.
Following the murder, reporter Donald Woods sought to get Biko's message out to the world.In "Cry Freedom", Woods (Kevin Kline) befriends Biko (Denzel Washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges.
When Woods attempts to spread Biko's word, he and his family begin living under threat of attack, and they are finally forced to flee the country.
The last scene gut-wrenchingly shows police firing on protesters.As one of two movies (along with "A World Apart") that helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement, "Cry Freedom" stands out as possibly the best ever work for all involved.
I admit I have a weakness for alternate history stories, from ITS A WONDERFUL LIFE to GROUNDHOG DAY to 12:01.
Among those greats is this little gem.
It's pretty difficult to get through MR. DESTINY without giving a nod of appreciation to each and every cast member, from the goodhearted James Belushi to the murderous Courtney Cox.
This movie lacks the gravitas and scale to make it a great film, but it's a fine cheer-up on a rainy afternoon.
It's also a great rental for an inexpensive date.
An absurdly hilarious and strikingly human tale of the jealousies and infidelities surrounding a beetle marriage, Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz's "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("The Cameraman's Revenge", or "The Revenge of a Kinematograph Cameraman") is a delight of early animation, brimming with highly-effective stop-motion puppetry and no shortage of imagination.Mr.
and Mrs. Beetle have a completely uneventful marriage, and both yearn for more excitement in their lives.
Mr. Beetle's desires can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer at the "Gay Dragonfly" night club, whom he visits whenever he takes a "business trip" to the city.
She is the only one who understands him.
A fellow admirer of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that Mr. Beetle has stolen his lady and, as fate would have it, he is also a movie cameraman.
The devious grasshopper follows Mr. Beetle and his acquaintance to a hotel room, where he films their exploits through the keyhole.Meanwhile, Mrs. Beetle has, likewise, acquired a friend to add excitement to her life.
He is an artist, and he brings her a painting for a present, before they both settle down on the couch for some intimacy.
At that moment, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and witnesses the entire spectacle.
As Mr. Beetle bashes through the front door, the artist friend clambers up the chimney, but he doesn't escape without Mr. Beetle first venting his anger and frustration upon him.There is a certain irony in the statement that follows: "Mr. Beetle is generous.
He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie."
He is generous enough to forgive her, and yet he had been equally unfaithful just minutes earlier.
At this point in time, however, we still haven't forgotten the jealous movie cameraman who had been plotting his revenge, and it is no surprise when he turns out to be the projectionist for the film Mr. and Mrs. Beetle are attending.
Suddenly intercut into the film they are enjoying is the footage of Mr. Beetle's disloyalty, and the angry wife hits him across the head with an umbrella, before the frightened and angry husband dives through the theatre screen in search of the grasshopper.In the final scene, both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, now somewhat more appreciative of each other, are serving time in prison for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle sought his final revenge.
We do, indeed, hope that "the home life of the Beetles will be less exciting in the future" This film may appear to be a mere story of the comings-and-goings of a miniscule insect species, but Starewicz is communicating so much more than that.
This isn't a story about beetles  it is a story about us.
And it's startlingly accurate, isn't it?
!
I had the privilege of watching "Holly" at the Edinburgh Film Festival last week.
What a powerful and moving story!
Holly is a 12 yr old Vietnamese girl who is sold into prostitution by her own family and living in a brothel in Cambodia.
Patrick (an American) comes into Holly's life and decides he wants to help her.
When Holly is sold again, Patrick desperately searches for her.
We follow they're difficult journey through Cambodia and hope for their reunion.Holly is one of millions of children who are sold and trafficked every day.
The movie portrays this difficult issue without crossing the line.
I walked away wanting to know more about the issue of child trafficking and asking how can I help?
This movie should be seen by everyone because it is a beautiful story and it exposes an issue that we should no longer ignore.
Warning: Does contain spoilers.Open Your EyesIf you have not seen this film and plan on doing so, just stop reading here and take my word for it.
You have to see this film.
I have seen it four times so far and I still haven't made up my mind as to what exactly happened in the film.
That is all I am going to say because if you have not seen this film, then stop reading right now.If you are still reading then I am going to pose some questions to you and maybe if anyone has any answers you can email me and let me know what you think.I remember my Grade 11 English teacher quite well.
His name was Mr. Krisak.
To me, he was wise beyond his years and he always had this circuitous way of teaching you things that perhaps you weren't all too keen on.
If we didn't like Shakespeare, then he turned the story into a modern day romance with modern day language so we could understand it.
Our class room was never a room, it was a cottage and we were on the lake reading a book at our own leisure time.
This was his own indelible way of branding something into our sponge-like minds.
I begin this review of Vanilla Sky with a description of this brilliant man because he once gave us an assignment that has been firmly etched in my mind, like the phone number of a long lost best friend, and it finally made some sense to me after watching The Matrix.
Now if I didn't know better, I would have thought that the Wachowski brothers were really just an alias for my teacher Mr. Krisak.
But giving them the benefit of the doubt, we'll assume it wasn't him.
But that was the first time this assignment was anything more than impalpable.
He had asked us to prove to him and to ourselves that were real.
Show me how you can tell that you are real.
This got the class spouting off all of the usual ideas that I'm sure you can imagine.
Everything from pain, to sense of touch to sense of loss to sense of hunger were spouted off to our teacher to prove to him that we were real.
After every scenario that we gave him, he would come back with the one answer that would leave us speechless.
"What if you are nothing but someone else's dream?
"What if you were someone else's dream?
What a messed up question that is.
This was a question/scenario posed to us about 15 years ago, before the astronomical use of the Internet and rapid advancement of computers.
How possible could it seem back then?
But if you look at today's technology, now ask yourself, what it you were a part of someone else's dream.Another brilliant but surreal film this year, David Lynch's Mulholland Drive explored similar areas.
But Vanilla Sky goes deeper than any other film could hope to.
In short this is one film that will literally (if you let it) blow your mind from all of the possibilities that surround you.Open your Eyes.Tom Cruise plays David Aames, a young, hot shot, righteous, full of himself publisher and owner of several magazines.
He inherited this from his father and although he has talent and business savvy, his board of governers, the Seven Dwarfs, think he is a rich dink born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
They feel he has done nothing to deserve the pinnacle of success that each and every one of them believes should go to them.
Early in the film we meet one of David's gorgeous toys named Julie Gianni, played with pernicious but bombastic perfection by Cameron Diaz.
David and Julie play a good game, both claiming they are just there to use each other and are not the slightest bit interested in a monogamous, committed relationship.
This is the type of relationship commensurate with David's other flings he's had in the sexual prime of his life.
And although both talk a good game, we can tell that only one is really telling the truth.
Next we meet Brian Shelby, played with a stroke of genius by Kevin Smith's good buddy Jason Lee.
Brian is writing a book that David is going to publish but they are also very good friends.
This is something that David has very little of in his life and you can sense a real caring for one another early on in the film.
Brian has one famous line that he keeps telling David over and over again.
And that is " the sweet ain't so sweet without the bitter."
He goes on to tell him that one day he will find true love and not just this part time lover status that he seems to perpetrate with all of the floozies who inhabit his bed for a night or two.At David's huge birthday bash, (so huge that the likes of Steven Spielberg wish him a happy birthday) Brian enters with his date, Sofia Sorrano, played of course by Penelope Cruz with what has to be the best performance of this year by an actress.
This is a bash by invite only and at first David and Sofia seem intrigued with one another.
And in typical David fashion, despite his best friend being there, he begins to flirt with Sofia.
To complicate things, Julie shows up uninvited and begins spying on David.
David then spends the night with Sofia, but they only talk and draw caricatures of one another.
There is no hanky panky.
The next day, as David is leaving Sofia's apartment, he is greeted by Julie, who offers him a ride and from there.......well, I think we have all seen the commercials.That is all I will really say about the plot, because from here the film teases us with what is reality and what is blurred perception.
We are introduced to a character played by Kurt Russel and a few other shady characters that all play a part in this labyrinth like haze.
There is a subtext of death and possible panacea-like cure-alls that may or not be able to create the possibility of eternal life.
This is just one of the intriguing possibilities the movie offers us, but it doesn't end there.Like many movies seem to thrive on today, this film has a secret.
Sixth Sense may have began this craze, but look even further back and you can maybe thank Angel Heart for starting the craze.
Regardless of how it originated, Vanilla Sky has one of it's own surreptitious gut busters.
And what makes this one so much fun is that the film gives you many obvious clues along the way but not enough to give you an apodictic solution to the gauntlet of truth and lies you have just put yourself through.
I have seen this film four times and every time it has been because I want to see if there is something more I can pick up, something more I can understand.
To be able to work your mind in the theater, to enable it to open up to new possibilities is something rare in a film.
All of the ersatz so called "Best Pictures of the year" have been good but nothing spectacular.
They lack substance.
A Beautiful Mind was intriguing but flat, The Royal Tenenbaums was interesting but uneven.
Vanilla Sky is a rarity because it is a film that leaves you yearning for more yet guarantees your satisfaction because the film and those that made it care about it.
I know this film has received mixed reviews but I just think that those who don't like it don't quite understand it.
This is what film making is supposed to be like.
This is what a film is supposed to do to you.
It is supposed to make you feel something.
Most of the other films this year have been just empty spaces.
This one isn't.10 out of 10 The best film of the year.
I would love to see this get nominated for best picture and I would love to see Cruz up for best Actress, Diaz for best supporting, Cruise for best actor and Jason Mewes should be a shoe in for best supporting actor.
Cameron Crowe should there as well.
None of this may come to pass, and that is a shame.
This is one film that should not be missed.
And on a final note, I am quite sure Mr. Krisak would like this film and maybe this is the one film that may answer his question.
Can you prove you are real?
Or are we just a figment of someone's imagination?
Are we artificially transplanted for someone else's bemusement?
This is a film that spawns more questions than it does answers.
And I'm sure that is just fine with him.Open Your Eyes
I have loved this movie all of my life.
It's such an intelligent story also, with plenty of classical allusions.
eg.
The ship that went missing decades earlier was called the Bellerophon.
Well, in classical mythology this was the man who slew the Chimera, a legendary beast composed of two or more other creatures.
In FP, Walter Pidgeon is clearly the chimera- himself and his Id monster.
I like movies where the writers have clearly credited their audiences with a modicum of intelligence, unlike most modern blockbusters which spend $150m on special effects, but about $1.50 on a screenplay.Cheers
A number of factors make it easy for me to state that I still think this is the most important science fiction film ever made, despite some of the acting, outdated dialogue etc.First, there is the scale of imagination in describing the Krell, a humanoid race native to the planet, now all dead, who were 1 million years more advanced than Earth humans(us), and their technology, particularly the 8,000 cubic mile machine.Second, there is the music and sound effects, which are inseparable from each other.
It creates an eerie, unearthly feeling, unlike "2001", which had traditional classical music.Third, its "monster" is not only the most powerful and deadly ever envisioned, it's also based on real science and doesn't break the laws of physics and biology.Finally, and most importantly, Forbidden Planet is the only movie ever made that attempts and, more incredibly, succeeds in making an honest, intelligent and mercilessly logical statement on the limits or ceiling of human (or any other biological entity's) development, no matter how long we survive as a species.In other words, it predicts our inevitable destiny.
I must say I was impressed the cinematography was amazing, the frames close to perfection and the way he built up the tension around a subject that sound more like a dreadful bore is beyond be.The film is about two narrators, one seen, one unseen.
They are both trying to explain the significant of a series of painting that caused a scandal a long time back.
The film is all about theories and explanations of views but the conclusion is quite shocking I must say.
Definitely a film that deserves more than it's 171 votes.With only 66 minutes to play out it's plot the film still felt like a complete work.
Fantastic direction!
I must say far better than Blood of the Poet which it for some strange reason remind me a bit of.
I suppose you can call it by the slang word "artsy".
It's pretty much just a lot of professional talk about various theories and stunning visual effects but the crew and Ruiz did pull it off.
At least for me.
An amazing film.
I really loved it although while reading the reviews it was quite disturbing to me..But as an anime art fan i can totally understand this perfect art work even though some of it was against my cultures and believes..But hey,it's the world of art..!!
the beginning of the film is very strong,strange and confusing.it's hard to understand the contents which make me respect the one who made it.only someone who is extremely opened can do such daring film..it's absolutely not for kids..even though the characters are cute and adorable but they go through some disturbing adventures that cannot be erased(sorry if the spelling is wrong)from ones memory..
Man On Fire tells a story of an ex-special forces guy with a drinking problem who accepts a job as a personal bodyguard of a little girl in Mexico during the wave of kidnappings for ransom.
At first he's not to friendly, but then they befriend with each other, he decides to stop drinking etc., etc... then one day she gets kidnapped... and killed...And HE, won't stop at anything to get the revenge.That's basically the story of Man On Fire but expect some big twists at least a few times including the ending which is beautiful and will probably make you cry.That's also because of the great music Harry-Gregson Williams with Lisa Gerrard (Gladiator) composed.But the strongest part of the movie... wait... the thing is, everything here is perfect.First - acting.
Denzel Washington is at his best, Mickey Rourke and Christopher Walken good as always, great Radtha Mitchell and AMAZING young Dakota Fanning.
And that's not the end of the list...Then come the cinematography which is dazzling and along with superb editing, should have won an Oscar for sure.The story is... not just a revenge movie.
The story is intelligent, the story makes you think... and is pure beautiful.
Really.This is one of those movies you need to see in your lifetime, at least once!
My brother brought this movie home from the rental store and I remember expecting it to be such a bore.
I think the title especially put me off.
I can't ever remember starting a movie with such low expectations and being so completely won over.
I watched the movie twice before I let my brother take it back to the store.
It is very infrequent that a movie speaks to me the way this one did.
I was completely caught up in Ruby's situation as she tries to make her way through her life.
The bad thing about this movie is that it seems to end so quickly.
I could have kept watching for hours.
Another downside is that I have been unsatisfied with everything Ashley Judd has done since.
She is so perfect in this movie.
This film is easily in my top ten favorites of all time.
Intriguing.
Exciting.
Dramatic.
Explosive.
Complex.
Epic.
Words that only touch the tip of the iceberg in terms of the grand story that is LOST being told.From the acting down to the rare visual effects, LOST is the essential show on television for fans of science-fiction, fantasy, action, adventure, and lots and lots of mystery.Each cast member is so well chosen, and so good in their roles, that you either love them, or hate them, or downright wish them dead.The visual effects, when used (which is rare) are actually quite well done considering the usual production of shows.
Be it the "smoke monster", to the polar bears, LOST is believable in terms of eye-candy.As far as story goes, nothing can compare to the vast complexity this show has made viewers like me endure.
Beginning to End, continuity is virtually perfect, characters are developed, and the ever-evolving story slowly gives the answers to its questions so many crave.Overall, there is practically no flaw in LOST.
It does for dramatic/sci-fi television what Arrested Development did for comedy: it has set the bar.I highly recommend LOST to those that are patient, intellectual, and love every moment of the ride, no matter how long it takes to reach the end.See this show.
I recently found a copy for $5 at a video store, and snapped it up eagerly.
While the music and (obviously) graphics aren't up to the standards of my favorite of the series, Beyond the Mind's Eye, I am still entranced by one segment:Stanley and Stella in "Breaking the Ice".
The music is brilliant, and the emotions feel real.
The clip on Odyssey's website doesn't have the story nor the music, unfortunately.
this is a visual adaptation of manga with very little dialogue.
what dialogue there is appears in word baloons as it would in the manga.
the plot of this is existent but only vaguely accounted for.
there is an issue of the manga on which this is based available in english in the blast books collection, 'comics underground japan', and it has actual captioned dialogue that explains the plot a bit more than here.
i recommend checking that volume out if you liked this, as it explains some of the "plot" of the movie, which is otherwise inexplicable.
animation wise this is pretty decent, good unintrusive use of computers and the images are for the most part realized well.
it jumps in and out of episodes, as the characters, a cat and his brain-dead older sister cat wander in and out of a series of odd images: a boat, a circus, a desert.
for a mere half hour they go through a number of semi-plots and settings, which leads me to believe that the director chose a number of issues of the long-running manga to adapt at random, but primarilly selected visually.
knowing what's going on might somewhat increase appreciation.
this reminds me mostly of the kind of stuff they used to play on the mtv show, cartoon sushi, in particular a short that features a cat chasing a man's severed butt-cheek around the house.
only in this case the cats resemble hello kitty more and their adventure is expanded to include death and reincarnation and a number of other themes .
the dvd of this has director's commentary and a "making of" features, but i cant comment on those because i didnt get around to them.
i'm giving this a 8/10 for now, here isnt much to compare it to in anime, and i hope for more like this.
The Ancient Mariner is a truly classic piece of work, as the original poem was/is.
The context/setting with the old mariner himself is fine, clear, and without pretense.
The artistic work that accompanies the reading of the poem fits perfectly the time/period of the setting and of the work itself, carrying the audience into the period with a still, yet moving accompaniment, using excellent still-movement strategies only well conquered by the pre-MTV era producers and much less apparent in more current works.
(MTV brought to television and video a static movement that races through, often irrelevant cuts, from theme to theme without forward movement and without clear relationships to theme or storyline.)
The voice, intonation and vitality of Redgrave's reading brings this touching poem to life with all its fear, strife and pain.
In addition, the smooth movement of the video emphasizes the cadence and occasional monotone (in this case a positive mood under the theme of the story itself)of the author's rendition of the ancient mariner's sad and spooky tale.
This is a must for any love of classic poetry, the sea, a tall tale, that almost rings true, and a story that has left a lasting impact on our world and culture.
Who does not understand the meaning of an "albatross"?
or the concept of "water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink?"
A truly fine experience.
Thank you Mr. DaSilva for bringing this to life for us, never to be forgotten.
Director Douglas Sirk once said `there's a very short distance between high art and trash, and trash that contains craziness is by this very quality nearer to art'.
This statement defines his cinema perfectly, a very unique body of work that includes classic stage adaptations, adventure and war films, westerns and of course, his famous melodramas.Sirk's melodramas were, as the very word signifies, dramas with music.
The music sets the tone for his masterful style, and every stroke of his brush (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a powerful image on the screen-turned-canvas.
But this ain't life but its representation, an imitation of life.
Sirk never tried to show reality, on the contrary.
None of the directors of his generation made a better use of all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (most notably Technicolor) to distinguish the artificial from the real thing.
Let's remember that his golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood films turned its attention into the social drama (Blackboard jungle, Rebel without a cause).
Sirk always knew that cinema was meant to be something else.Another of Sirk's statements summarizes this: `You can't reach, or touch, the real.
You just see reflections.
If you try to grasp happiness itself your fingers only meet glass'.
I defy anybody that has seen Written on the wind to count the amount of mirrors and images reflected that appear on screen.
One ends up giving up.Therefore, we are in a hall full of mirrors where there's no difference between real and its false copy.
Nobody can say that the Hadley are real people.
That town ain't real either, with those hideous oil pumps all over the place.
So in this realm the acting is affected, the decore is fake, the trick is visible.
Everything is pushed a little bit off the limit (the sexual connotations of Dorothy Malone with the oil tower, for example).
Sirk was criticizing and theorizing at the same time.`The angles are the director's thoughts; the lighting is his philosophy'.
In Written on the wind we follow the fall of a traditional way of life both in a geometrical way and in terms of light and shadows.
The Hadleys house, with its different levels connected by the spiral staircase operates in a strictly metaphorical way.
A house that resembles a mausoleum, that no party can cheer up.
As tragedy progresses from luminous daylight to shadowy night, Sirk's photography becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters, and so are the colours of the clothes they wear.
Drama is thus incorporated to every element at the service of the director's craft.Sirk considered himself a `story bender', because he bended the standard material he was assigned with to his style and purpose.
Written on the wind is a good example.
It wouldn't work in any other hands.The other director that was using similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was for 50's comedy the same that Sirk was for melodrama.
Their films are full of the machinery of american life -advertising, TV sets, jukeboxes, washing machines, sport cars, vacuum cleaners- to depict its emptiness and decay.
I'm inclined to think that their films were regarded in a different way by their contemporary audiences.
The game was played by both sides, so it was camp.
Now we regard them as `cult' or `bizarre', because we are not those spectators anymore.
That is why Todd Haynes's homage `Far from heaven' turns into a pastiche, because it reproduces Sirk's work nowadays as if nothing happened in between.
Then Sirk turns exactly into that painting hanging in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the aforementioned film.Sirk understood the elements of melodrama perfectly.
There were always immovable characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here) against which he could assemble a series of split ones.
His balance through antithesis is remarkable and not surprisingly we root for the split characters, because these are the ones Sirk is interested in too.
When Robert Stack flies the plane and `tempts' Lauren Bacall with all sorts of mundane comforts of the world below them (obvious Faustian echoes) we are strangely fascinated with him too, as we are when the devilish nymphomaniac little sister painfully evokes her past with Mitch alone by the river.In the Sirk's universe the studio often-imposed `happy ends' have no negative impact.
In fact they worked just great.
Sirk was fond of greek tragedy and considered happy endings the Deux ex machinea of his day.
Thus the final courtroom scene fits well and one must also remember that the whole film is told in flashback, so we know from the very beginning that tragedy will fall nevertheless over the Hadley feud.It was pointed out the many similarities between Written on the Wind with the Godfather saga.
I absolutely agree and I'm sure the parallel is not incidental.
Both share the theme of the old powerful father head trying to keep his empire going while protecting his family.
The temperamental son portrayed by Robert Stack has an amazing physical resemblance with Jimmy Caan's Sonny Corleone.
The action of fighting her sister's male friend is symmetrical.
The non-son in which the old man put his trust is also common in both films, as the fact that both families carry the names of their town.
Even details as the gate that gives access to the property, and the surroundings of the house covered by leaves, suggest that Coppola had Written on the Wind in mind while setting his masterwork.
Because both films deal with the subject of Power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation and legacy (even Kyle Hadley's sterility, the event that hastens the turmoil, is an issue easily tied to the central theme of Power, in this case, a weakness in sexual power).
The other great film that deals with power and uses american life as its representation is Citizen Kane.
One wouldn't think at first of similarities between Welles and Sirk's films but there are a good many, starting with the petrol business as the origin of the family's fortune and ending in the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), as Charles Foster Kane, was adopted by a tutor, having his own father alive.
Amazingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) perform both Wayne and Kane's fathers.
This detail is cannot be a coincidence.Written on the Wind is a masterpiece in every aspect, in execution and vision, in style and technique, a highlight in the career of this wonderful director.
Some say that this is his best film.
In my opinion, `Magnificent obsession', `All that heaven allows', `There's always tomorrow' and `Imitation of life' are just as good.
And for those who put Sirk in the level of Dallas or Dinasty I wish them no happy end.
Ever read Jim Thompson?
He's hard-boiled noir with the most extreme fatalism and misanthropy I've ever encountered.
There are rarely private detectives in his work - just losers, psychotics and small-time con artists.
This film has Thompson nailed - "If God made any real mistakes in this world, it was in giving us a will to live when we've got no excuse for it."
Every character in the film balances on a razor's edge between surreal and creepy realism.
There's sleazy, conniving Uncle Bud, played by Bruce Dern and spookily well-intentioned Doc Goldman played by George Dickerson.
Jason Patric gives a wonderful, often heart-wrenching performance as Kid Collins, a none-too-bright, shy ex-fighter who's more scared of himself than of anyone else.
Rachel Ward is Fay, the sexy femme fatale who we can't quite figure out...It's not your standard film noir, nor is it intended to be.
After Dark My Sweet, along with The Grifters, are two excellent adaptations of novels by one of my favorite writers, Jim Thompson.
I had heard some not too good things about this movie and had probably seen the low score here at IMDb and that's why I had avoided it.
Today they showed Vanilla Sky on TV and as I had nothing better to do... and as it turned out, I would have had a hard time finding anything better to do.
Vanilla Sky is a frightening, sad and touching movie, actually one of the best I've seen in a while.
I was surprised by how I was affected watching it.
It's hard to explain, but during the movie your feelings towards the characters and your perception of what is going on changes and it's quite an emotional journey.
Vanilla Sky really touched me in a way that is very rare for a movie, or any media for that matter.I really recommend everyone to watch this movie.
Regardless of what you have heard about it.
For a film that's ostensibly about sex and leather, it doesn't have any right to be as oddly sweet as it is.
The story of Bettie Page, a good Christian girl from the South who's momma wouldn't let her date until she married, who moved to New York and ended up becoming the most successful pin-up of her age, is driven by an outstanding performance from Gretchen Moll.
Her Page can't quite reconcile the pictures that she takes (nobody's allowed to touch, it's all fun and respectful) with the pornography trials and supposed ill-effects that her images have on the world around her.Page has been an inspiration to every burlesque artist since, not just because she had a figure to die for, but because she invested every picture with an innocent sense of fun that was uniquely sexy and simple at the same time.
Rather like this film, in fact.
Filmde in both black and white and glorious technicolour, it's a lovely way to spend a couple of hours.
SPOILERS ALERTHomeward Bound: The Incredible Journey is an important film from my life because it's the first film I remember seeing in the cinema of my home town as a 4-year old scamp.
The story is based on the Sheila Burnford novel, and is a reason why it's not possible to write this one off as a brainless Lassie clone.The basic story: Two dogs and a cat happily live in the Seaver family when the new husband to the mother of the three children, gets a job in the city and they have to temporarily move into inner San Francisco while the animals are sent to a ranch to live for a couple of months.
The bonds between the animals and the children they watch out for are especially strong, and Shadow the golden retriever and Sassy the Himalayan cat are heartbroken as the children are, though the young and happy-go-lucky American Bulldog known as Chance is a little less concerned and somewhat cynical (due in part to his voice-over explaining his being abandoned as a pup, picked up to an animal shelter, and being bought by the family), though his growth as a character during the story provides much of the important storytelling.The three pets escape the ranch and head off into the wide and dangerous wilderness (fantastic wilderness settings by the way), driven on by Shadow's instincts of direction.
They meet several perils along the way, hoping to make it home, while the family and the ranch hosts are suddenly concerned about the animal disappearance.
There are funny moments all the way through, great dialogue between the three animals and hilarious lines (see - memorable quotes), and a touching comradeship that grows between the main characters during the course of the storytelling, punctuated by moments of sadness (such as when Sassy's arrogance of trying to cross a river without getting wet causes her to fall in the river and get washed down a waterfall, leaves a moment of loss that is felt deeply by the viewers).Somehow though, I fail to see what the inclusion of saving the girl lost in the wilderness adds to the story and the journey they take.
Somehow, it seems a little unnecessary as part of the story.The ending cranks the stakes higher when shadow falls into a pit in a trainyard and having hurt his leg, finds it hard to get out and gives up, exhausted, followed by Chance climbing in with him to persuade him to climb out, telling him how important he is to him and how he's pushed them this far so he shouldn't throw it all away so easily.
The way that this scene (brilliantly done) isn't concluded leaves an ambiguity that carries on into the final scene when Chance and Sassy return home, but Shadow is nowhere to be seen.
Then just as all seems lost, he slowly appears, and is reunited with the family.
Chance's conclusion at the end speaks of the comradeship that has developed between he and his fellows on the journey, and the realisation to what home really is from his long journey to get there, leaves a fine epilogue to demonstrate how much his character has grown, but also how the other two have as well.
Hang on a second, I think I'm going to cry...Anyway, I haven't read Sheila Burnford's book, so I don't pretend to know where the differences between book and film lie.
But this is a film that all the family can watch, and while the tots will love the talking animals, older viewers will understand the plot line better (as I found when I watched the film again after several years without seeing it).
This film is a masterpiece in cinema, and I suggest that if you haven't seen it you go out and get it!And please avoid the sequel (see my review for Homeward Bound II!)
This movie was directed by Victor Nunez who also wrote the screenplay (Ulee's Gold).
Nice and straightforward writing, that was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award, looking at Ruby's day to day life.
What we see is a slice in the life of the young woman Ruby.
Ashley Judd (Sisters) won the Independent Spirit Award Best Female Lead for this role.
Ruby is starting to live on her own and establishing her own identity.
She explores jobs, friendships, boy friends, sex, a typical young adult search.
The movie won Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival.
As an independent film enthusiast I picked the movie because of Sundance.
I appreciate this type of movie, because it does not carry the Hollywood baggage.Although the stories are completely different this reminded me of Nobody's Fool, staring Paul Newman.
The later movie is a slice of the daily life of a common man.
I like that.
The story is very nicely told, and all we had to do was sit and enjoy the story.
The only thing I am not sure about is the title.
I am sure that there are not that many bugs, and flies in paradise as there are in Florida.
As I am allergic to mosquitos, Florida is no paradise to me, I itch all over thinking about Florida.
I turn into a complete red boil.
I recommend this movie!
Favorite scenes: Ruby and her friend Rochelle Bridges, played by Allison Dean walking at the beach of Panama City, Florida.
Indeed the sand is very white.
I have been there.
Favorite Quotes: "Necessity has always been a good excuse."
"All that fuss over finding a man is not at all different now, who is going to be and when and why."
Another classic study of the effects of wealth on a southern family is masterfully depicted in Written on the Wind.Kyle Hadley has it all.
Wealth, a plane, you name it.
Kyle's best friend, Mitch, has always gotten him out of difficulty.
Mitch finished college, Kyle got thrown out.
Mitch is not from a wealthy home.
Kyle's family, with Hadley Oil, controls most of everything in the town.While in N.Y., Kyle meets the girl of his dreams, nicely played by Lauren Bacall.
After a whirlwind romance, he marries her and brings her home.
There she meets her father-in-law who warns her how difficult Kyle can be.
Kyle sleeps with a gun under his pillow.
The Bacall character meets Kyle's sister, Mary Lee, a tramp if ever there were, played to the fullest by Dorothy Malone, who was voted best supporting actress.Rock Hudson plays Mitch, the faithful friend.A year of wedded bliss for Kyle and his bride ends when Kyle is told by the doctor that he can't have children.
It is when his wife reveals to him that she is indeed pregnant, Kyle, thinking that the child is Mitch's, goes on a drunken frenzy and is accidentally shot dead in a memorable scene.Mary Lee, who has always loved Mitch, tries but is unsuccessful in blaming Mitch for Kyle's death.
In a memorable courtroom scene, Malone pulled out all the stops in finally admitting that Kyle's death was an unfortunate accident.
Her Oscar was well deserved.Surprisingly, Robert Stack, brilliant as Kyle Hadley, was nominated for best supporting actor and lost in an upset victory by Anthony Quinn, as Paul Gauguin, in Lust for Life.Douglas Sirk was the master of soap opera films of the 1950s.
Written on the Wind is no exception.
***1/2.
Let's get some things straight first: Zombies don't exist so the filmmaker can have them WALK, RUN, hell even FLY if he wants to.
That's what makes this original Zombie movie so good.
Everything they did was so damn original.
I hate it when filmmakers do everything like Romero or when fan boys expect everything like Romero.
Some idiots think that zombies should only growl like a typical Romero movie, once again zombies don't exist so a filmmaker can make zombies whistle if he wants.
The zombies in this movie all look very good but OBVIOUSLY they are not decaying corpses since they JUST freaking died!
They are pretty messed up though and full of chopped faces and blood.
One of the coolest scenes was a half eaten cat.
It looked so damn real my daughter cried when she saw it.
This movie got really good reviews in Fangoria and Rue Morgue so that made me want to go see it.
I'm glad I listened.
They are always right when it comes to real horror fan's tastes.
10 out of 10!
Go rent it!
SERIES 1As the UK eagerly awaits the launch of series two of 'Lost', series one (which just finished showing here) did not disappoint.A group of over forty passengers struggle to cope after their plane crash-landed into a deserted island.
They pray for rescue.
However, as the days turn into weeks and the survivors explore the rainforest that surrounds them, they begin to wonder whether they are alone.Admittedly, the series has a hard time keeping up the pace after the explosive pilot episodes, which hurls at the group a polar bear, a giant beastie and the possibility of others on the island.
Nevertheless, the series manages to pick itself up after a few episodes and is outstanding by the final episode.
Possibly the greatest thing about 'Lost' is the fact that we visit each character's life before the crash in a series of flashbacks.
This gives us more insight and, hence more suspense and excitement as the events unfold in the present.Ultimately, this show is a superb combination of drama, suspense and the supernatural; it is, quite simply, unmissable.SPOILERS FOR SEASON 1 FOLLOWSERIES 2After the cliffhanger that was the end of Series 1 of 'Lost', Series 2 begins with our protagonists delving deep into the heart of the phenomenon that is the Hatch.
They discover a mysterious man who has a job to do.
Meanwhile, Michael and Sawyer struggle to cope with the aftermath of what happened on the raft.As the series progresses, the viewers will be unable to bring themselves to turn off their television set, as every episode of the series contains more twists than a Curly-Wurly chocolate bar, one of which introduces a whole host of new characters.
With every mystery solved with 'Lost', five brand new ones seem to come out of the woodworks.
After the 974th plot twist of the series, it finally dawns on the viewer that it doesn't actually matter whether the plane-crash survivors make it off the island.
However, the stunning series finale answers just over half of those questions, despite its anti-climatic ending.
It is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this.
It's truly one of the best acted, most tightly structured films I've ever seen.
Every line of dialogue can be interpreted in several ways, relating to each of the three main characters differently.
The film weaves an intrinsic web of motivations and double crosses that snare you and refuse to let go.
Add to this that the slow-burning romance between Kevin and Faye is as moving as anything that's ever been committed to celluloid and you have the ingredients for a perfect film.
It exposes the romance of movies such as "Titanic" as the trite cliches they are.
If you're looking for a movie to watch while you fold laundry, this isn't it.
You have to commit yourself to this film.
You can't have a conversation while running in and out of the room.
This movie demands your attention.
Treat it with the respect you deserve and you'll get a lot out of it.
Unless you think "Titanic" is the greatest film ever.
An excellent film depicting the cross currents in the lives of a multi-ethnic mix of not so ordinary people in the rural Pacific Northwest.
Solid directing and writing along with fine acting, especially the performances by Kwami Taha and Dan Stowe.
Interestingly, this film was made in the same year as the highly successful "Crash," written and directed by Paul Haggis.
The pace of the action may not be as frantic as that in urban Los Angeles, and the characters may seem to be better acquainted with each other in "Apart From That," but the personal relationships of the characters are as flawed and troubled and their stories as resonant as any of those in "Crash."
For those viewers who appreciated "Crash" this is a must see film.
Also, fans of Jim Jarmusch and John Cassavetes will like this movie.
In this send-up of horror films, 50's cold war paranoia, Reagan-era America, and high school films, Adam Arkin plays Tony, the star quarterback of Full Moon High in the 1950's.
He and his father (Ed McMahon) travel to communist Romania and while he's lost in the streets one night, he is bitten by a werewolf.
When he returns stateside, he cannot control his animalistic urges and goes on a killing spree.
Frustrated, he flees town.
Decades later, the immortal Tony returns to town and re-enrolls in highschool.
He still can't control his transformations, and the townspeople, and his friends, realize he's not quite human.
It all culminates during the schools big football game.I expected this to be one of those 'so bad it's good' films from the early 80's.
But I was surprised that the film was actually, legitimately funny.
The cast, including Kenneth Mars as a pervy coach, Roz Kelly as Tony's lusty former flame, Demond Wilson as a bus driver, and Alan Arkin as a oddball doctor, go all out, with hilarious results.While watching this film I was struck by how similar the writing and humor were to 'Family Guy.'
'Full Moon High' has that same anything goes attitude and never takes itself seriously.
"Life hits us in the face........we must try to stay beautiful"Debut movie from one of Belgian's best artists (he sings songs), Tom Barman.
A long awaited movie and---happy happy joy joy for Flemish filmmaking---really worth watching, and a promising piece of work!
It takes us into the lifes of 8 main characters that live through a Friday- and night.
The title says a lot about the way we spend time with them: we float as they do into Friday night's party where they kinda' meet.It's rhytmic style is very 'thought off'.
Superb use of music.
It sometimes takes the upperhand to the images and then you feel its power.
Gainsbourg!
QOTSA!
The party scene (20minutes???)
is a thrilling visual experience cause of the way that it's shot.
It keeps you really with it while it's set in a small place with a lot of people having a big party.....so hard to shoot.Thank you menijèr Barman for making this daring movie in these, already some years going, poor times of Flemish filmmaking.
You made my day!
Throughout this film, you might think this film is just for kids.
Well, it is mainly pointed towards them, but it's also well-rounded enough with the jokes pointed also at the adults in the audience.
This time around, the Muppet gang try to get on Broadway, with the dire straits keeping them from getting it produced, leading them to splitting up.
But Kermit won't stop, and his determination keeps things moving along until after getting the deal together he gets hit by a car and sent into amnesia!
It's a send-up, in part, of those old starring vehicles from the 40s with musicals actually as the topic of a musical, only here there's the usual lot of zaniness and wonderful moments thrown into a pot of hysterically funny moments (Lou Zealand's boomerang fish; Gonzo's water-stunt display, the whisper campaign, among many others), but also with a lot of heart too.
The Muppet writers aren't shy of the conventions, on the contrary, they embrace them to the point where it's almost refreshing to see such a 'lets put on a show' story where through thick and think the characters will meet their dream.
While not as totally original in scope as the Muppet Movie, it's got many catchy and memorable songs, excellent locations all over Manhattan, and even some intonations of inter-species dating (and marriage)!
Cameos include Liza Minneli ("a frog?
"), Elliot Gould (as the cop), Brooke Shields (propositioned by a rat), Edward I. Koch, Gregory Hines and Joan Rivers.
So get ready to sing-along, or just have a lot of big laughs and romantic (yes romantic) times with one of the best Muppet movies.
Intense actors like Bruce Dern, Jason Patrick and Rachel Ward combine to make this modern-day film noir a winner.
Of the three, I don't know who was most interesting as all offer good performances and intriguing characters.Patric does the narration in this noir, playing an ex-boxer and mental patient.
Wow, that alone makes for an interesting guy!
He looks dumb, but he isn't.
Ward is the slinky, attractive, cynical, intelligent and compassionate co- conspirator of a kidnapping plan that goes bad.
Bruce Dern also is in the mix and Dern never fails to fascinate in about any film.The movie could be considered kind of downer to the average viewer, but I found it fascinating....and I don't like depressing movies normally.
What I found was a kind of quirky crime film.
Take a look and see if you agree.
This is pretty unknown film that shouldn't have that status because it's simply a good story and well-done.
Gus Van Sant has made some excellent films.
I truly am a fan.However, I can't help but feel that the cerebral edge of Tom Robbins book "Even Cowgirls Get the Blues" is lost in translation to the big screen.
Alone, Tom Robbins and Gus Van Sant are incredible visionaries and towers of talent.
Ultimately though this one just didn't work.
It wasn't that the characters weren't well developed or the plot and content didn't come alive.
It's just that our imaginations are much more powerful when reading a book like this.
We're taken away to a different time and place and we sometimes think the worst and/or the best and it adds to the overall roller-coaster of the book as it neatly unfolds according to the author's precision.
Movies however can leave one with less of the imagination and emotion roller-coaster detracting from the overall experience.
This is what I believe happened here.I suggest reading the book!
The version I saw of this film was the Blockbuster rental with a similar title, but a swear word in it.This film was funny as hell.
It was also true to the bone.
If you have ever spent time in Hollywood or the area around it, you will understand the humor.
If not, you may not 'get it' at all.The story of two people in the business struggling to make it until they finally reach a breaking point, it is a rare gem.
It states it is a drama, but it is a drama as much as Deer Hunter is a comedy.Loren Dean is wonderful, as always, as a supporting actor.
Jamie Kennedy was able to hold his own well.
His performance is especically impressive during the poodle scene.
The only downside was Carmen Electra but we can't have everything.
I did not like Chandni Bar from the same director.I did not watch his other movies.
They came and went.But Page-3 is nicely made.
Seems real.
Like Satya from RGV did.The mental sickness of the so called high society is the summary of the movie.
In the midst of all the sickness, its difficult to lead a normal life which the protagonist, Konkana Sen, does.
Serious movie, not to be watched with children or expecting wives.
Page-3 of newspapers is the usual place for reporting the activities going on in the parties of the rich and elite who indulge in much more filth then what is reported.
How this Page-3 is also a business prospect is shown in the movie.
Event management firms get paid to arrange parties and make a rich but not famous people famous overnight by clicking photographs with the celebrities invited to the party.The western culture has crept into the high society of Mumabi quite deeply.
The movie shows it boldly, no holds barred.Madhur Bhandarkar starts a new journey from here.
I admit, the first time I watched Even Cowgirls Get the Blues, I didn't think it was very memorable in any regard.
But now after viewing it the 7th time, I admit that it has very much grown on me.
The characters of Sissy, Ms. Jellybean, and the Countess have become very endearing.
And the romance between Sissy and Jellybean seems very sweet.
Though the plot is very weak, I think the satirical humor more than makes up for it.
Then there's the kick-ass soundtrack which features the tremendously talented K.D.
Lang (who reminds me a little of Patsy Cline) at her best.
I can't think of any movie that has "grown on me" after an inauspicious first impression, as much as Cowgirls has.
I really liked Tom Barman's AWTWB.
You just have to let it come over you and enjoy it while it lasts, and don't expect anything.
It's like sitting on a café-terrace with a beer, in the summer sun, and watching the people go by.
It definitely won't keep you pondering afterwards, that's true, but that's not a prerequisite for a good film.
It's just the experience during the movie that's great.I felt there were a few strands that could have been worked out a little more, but being a Lynch fan I don't care that much anymore :)And I *loved* the style, or flair of this movie.
It's slick, but fresh, and the soundtrack is a beauty.
Any music-lover will get his kicks out of AWTWB, I can assure you.I'll give it 8 out 10.
(music-wise 10 out of 10)
"Holly" is an issue-driven film, but it is neither manipulative nor overly sentimental.
At its heart is it is a character-driven film, which wouldn't be nearly so successful without the fleshed-out portrayals of Patrick (Ron Livingston), the lost soul with the gradually awakening conscience, and Holly (Thuy Nguyen), the strong-willed but ultimately over-matched young Vietnamese girl.
From the vibrant locations and photography to the effective editing, everything is forthright and well-done.
The contemporary classical score may put some off at first, but it is top-notch composition and underscores the admirable restraint which is evident throughout.
This film, which raises many issues but provides few clear-cut answers, ultimately succeeds in raising awareness of and compassion for Holly and the many who share her plight.
Kudos to those who managed to get it made.
This movie is just so good!
Despite Carmen Electra, this has to be one of the better films I have seen in awhile.
Jamie Kennedy is just amazing, and Loren Dean plays an insane spoiled movie star very well.
The plot is great as well.
It's all very real which is scary.
It says here that it's a drama, but this is one of the damn funniest dramas I have ever seen.
Go check it out.
It does seem like this film is polarizing us.
You either love it or hate it.
I loved it.I agree with the comment(s) that said, you just gotta "feel" this one.Also, early in the film, Tom Cruise shows his girlfriend a painting done by Monet--an impressionist painter.
Monet's style is to paint in little dabs so up close the painting looks like a mess, but from a distance, you can tell what the subject is.
Cruise mentions that the painting has a "vanilla sky".
I believe this is a hint to the moviegoer.
This movie is like that impressionist painting.
It's impressionist filmmaking!
And it's no coincidence that the title of the movie refers to that painting.This is not your typical linear plot.
It requires more thought.
There is symbolism and there are scenes that jump around and no, you're not always going to be sure what's going on.
But at the end, all is explained.You will need to concentrate on this movie but I think people are making the mistake of concentrating way too hard on it.
After it ends is when you should think about it.
If you try to figure it out as it's unfolding, you will overwhelm yourself.
Just let it happen..."go" with it...keep an open mind.
Remember what you see and save the analysis for later.I found all the performances top notch and thought it to be tremendously unique, wildly creative, and spellbinding.But I will not critize the intelligence of those of you who didn't enjoy it.
It appeals to a certain taste.
If you like existential, psychedelic, philosophical, thought-provoking, challenging, spiritual movies, then see it.
If you prefer something a little lighter, then skip it.But if you DO like what I described, then you will surely enjoy it.
An excellent interpretation of Jim Thompson's novel, this neo-noir thriller has all the requisite elements--deranged ex-boxer turned drifter, alcoholic widow with sinister desires, ex-cop turned small-time crook, and a kidnap plot destined for doom.
Yet, the film never crosses into cliche country, but remains fresh and intriguing.
The performances are all superb, particularly Bruce Dern's role as the wicked sleazeball, Uncle Bud.
There is a tense uncertainty to the film's movement which, intentional or not, adds to the grim proceedings.
Highly recommended.
This film got terrible reviews but because it was offbeat and because critics don't usually "get" offbeat films, I thought I'd give it a try.
Unfortunately they were largely right in this instance.The film just has an awkward feel too it that is most off putting.
The sort of feel that is impossible to describe, but it's not a good one.
To further confound things, the script is a dull aimless thing that is only vaguely interesting.The immensely talented Thurman just drifts through this mess creating barely an impact.
Hurt and Bracco try in vain to add something to the film with enthusiastic performance but there is nothing in the script.
It may have been less embarrassing for them if they had merely chosen to drift and get it over with like Thurman.One thing the "esteemed" film critics did fail to mention however is that the film is actually quite funny.
Whether it be moments of accurate satire or some outrageously weird moments like when the cowgirls in question chase Hurt off their ranch with the smell of their unwashed...ahem...front bottoms.Because of the chortles acheived throughout, while I wouldn't recommend this film, there is entertainment to be had and watching Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is worthwhile for something different.
This short is a puzzlement.
Words fail me here, as this is almost indescribable, Technically exceptional after more than 90 years (the visuals are remarkable and even occasionally amazing), this is not something you watch if you like things that are mundane or "normal'-because it most certainly is not either.
This be an odd one, gang.
Well worth checking out, but if things like Ren and Stimpy make your head hurt, you may want to skip this.
Recommended.
One thing about Hollywood, someone has a success and it's always rushed to be copied.
And another thing is that players give some of their best performances away from their home studio.Rock Hudson got such accolades for his performance in the Texas based film Giant that Universal executives must have thought, let's quick get him into another modern Texas setting.Similarly Robert Stack got great reviews for The High and the Mighty as the pilot who was cracking under the strain of flying a damaged aircraft that it was natural to give him another crack up role.Both of these ends were achieved in Written on the Wind.
Before Hudson was the big ranch owner, now he's the son of a hunting companion of Robert Stack's father who took Hudson under his wing.
In other words the James Dean part without the James Dean racism from Giant.
Lauren Bacall is the executive secretary of an advertising agency that Stack's Hadley Oil Company uses.
Hudson likes her, but she's dazzled by Stack's millions and when he woos a girl he's got the means to really pursue a campaign.
She marries Stack.And last but not least in the mix we have Dorothy Malone who's Stack's amoral sister who has a yen for Rock, but Rock ain't about to get tangled up with this wild child.
Dorothy Malone spent over 10 years in a whole bunch of colorless film heroine roles before landing this gem.
She got a Best Supporting Actress Award for her part as Marilee Hadley and it was well deserved.If you like splashy technicolor Fifties soap opera than this is the film for you.
Full Moon High (1981) 3 of 5 Dir: Larry Cohen Stars: Adam Arkin, Ed McMahon, Roz KellyTony (Arkin) is your average ordinary high school guy.
Prepping for the big homecoming game, girlfriend trouble and growing hair in strange placesyou know the usual.
But the hair in strange places part gets a wee bit out of control when a trip to Transylvania with his father (YES!
McMahon) leaves him with a wicked case of the furballs.
Now doomed to walk the world forever young as a werewolf how will Adam get any girls?
'Full Moon High' is not often talked about but it is a silly and entertaining horror spoof.
Larry Cohen (Q the Winged Serpent, The Stuff) incorporates as many gags as he can possibly come up with as writer / director.
Arkin (H20: Halloween, 20 Years Later) shows nice timing in the lead role.
If you happen to be a fan of spoofs like 'Airplane' and 'Student Bodies' I think you'll have fun with this chuckle-fest.
I have seen this movie plenty of times and I gotta tell ya, I've enjoyed it every single time.
This is Belushi's pinnacle movie in my opinion.
Belushi and Lovitz are so likable and identifiable with the common man that you can't help but get involved once you start watching.
The movie has a wonderful cast of stars, some already were big, and others were just getting started.
It's billed as a feel good movie, and that's exactly what it is.
This movie teaches you that life isn't always so bad after all.
Sometimes you've just gotta look at stuff in a different perspective to fully appreciate what you already have.
When you're done watching, you'll appreciate the things you have a lot more and you'll also be smiling.
You can't ask for much more from a movie in my opinion, not to mention it's a hilarious movie and you'll never lose interest.
Very Very underrated movie here folks.Rating from me: 10 I am out!!
!
When this first came out, my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- It was so different from anything we had seen before.
I was looking for a specific movie last night, and I found 'The Mind's Eye' again.
The box is falling apart, and I am surprised that the tape still works!
Although it is not 'Finding Nemo' quality graphics, it is still very good.
They should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery.
Highly recommended!
Years ago, I found a "bargain bin" copy of this film for a buck or two.
In so many ways, this is quite fitting, as when it was made back in 1933, it was truly a cheaply made film by the "poverty row" studio, Majestic.
However, while the film is rather derivative, it is STILL well worth watching and provides a few surprises.The story is very, very familiar, as in some Germanic town, the people are upset because of some recent deaths that appear to be the work of vampires!
Adding to this familiarity is Dwight Frye.
He played Renfield in Dracula, and here he is very, very similar--though he plays a much more harmless weirdo.
In this case, he's obsessed with his pet bats and people begin to blame him for the deaths.
The film does a good job of providing some "red herrings" (i.e., false leads) and while it doesn't take a genius to figure out Frye may not be responsible, the WHO and WHY are intriguing and make it VERY different from the average horror film.
In addition, while the production had little money to speak of, it still had some good actors of the day--Lionel Atwill and Melvin Douglas--and it also used Universal Studios sets at night (when they were done filming for the day).
As a result, the film looks pretty good overall, though I also thought that, as usual, Fay Wray was terrible--thought it didn't noticeably detract from the film.
I have seen her in more movies than most people on IMDb and I have come to notice that her characters have no depth--she always seems to be cast as the "screaming lady" and provides little new in each film.Overall, for fans of old horror films, this is excellent and worth seeing.
For people who are NOT fans of the genre, it's probably pretty skip-able.
Cat Soup at first seems to be a very random animated film.
The best way I've been able to explain it is that it's quite acidic.
Though it's not totally random.
The story is about Nyatta, a young cat boy and his sister Nyaako.
Nyaako is very ill and dies, however, Nyatta sees her soul being taken away by death and is able to retrieve half of it.
The story is about their quest to bring Nyaako fully back to life.Though a lot of the content in this movie seems completely random, it is not.
Most of it is symbolism for life, death and rebirth.
You can also see references from other tales, such as Hansel and Gretal.
This strangely cute short film has an interesting story, packed with a deeper meaning than what you see on the surface of the screen.
Mean-spirited, ugly, nasty retro-action thriller, about a bodyguard who is determined to find (and destroy!
), the killers of the girl he was supposed to protect.
This film is almost an anachronism in today's politically correct atmosphere.
Director Scott doesn't have any desire to apologize for the inherently immorality behind the film's dramatic structure.
Scott is either not aware or doesn't care for 30 years of social advances.
I really don't think we will see a more violent film any time soon, so you better go and see this one while you can.
Despite its relentless grimness, I think the movie is a powerful example of cinema at its most sinister, exploitative, and effective.
Scott has a tough thing to sell, but I think I'm a buyer.
The extraordinary technical aspects of this film are just too effective for me to ignore.
Scott's directorial choices are simply astonishing, and he pulls a great performance out of Denzel Washington.
Sensitive souls need to stay away from this one, but I recommended it to those viewers looking for a great, action-filled movie.
FORBIDDEN PLANET is the best SF film from the golden age of SF cinema and what makes it a great film is its sense of wonder .
As soon as the spaceship lands the audience - via the ships human crew - travels through an intelligent and sometimes terrifying adventure .
We meet the unforgetable Robbie , the mysterious Dr Morbuis , his beautiful and innocent daughter Altair and we learn about the former inhabitants of the planet - The Krell who died out overnight .
Or did they ?
You can nitpick and say the planet is obviously filmed in a movie studio with painted backdrops but that adds to a sense of menace of claustraphobia I feel and Bebe and Louis Barron`s electronic music adds even more atmosphere I`m shocked this film isn`t in the top 250 IMDB films .
The film maybe goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect.
It's not a bad movie; it's actually pretty good.
If you don't like the show, don't see the movie.
It starts off a little slow maybe, but then picks up and turns out to be pretty funny.
There are even a few "heart-wrenching" scenes toward the end.
After all the protagonists have gone through these scences do get to you.
Also Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience.
He's got a pretty good point.
We care so much about the private details of celebrities lives, so why is it wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV, too.
If they were celebrities we wouldn't mind at all, we'd eat it up.
Do we not like his guest doing this just because they're poor white trash and it reminds us that there really is poverty in this world and not just rich glamous movie stars living in a "Leave it to Beaver" world?
This movie captures the essence of growing up in smalltown America for a young girl on her own.
The realism and subtle nuances, offered to Ashley Judd's character, Ruby, by the storyline, capture what can only be described as a true to life setting in the panhandle of Florida.
From the slam of a screen door, to the lack of work, the echoes of what life is really like on the "red-neck riviera" provide rough choices for the young girl.
Paradise did not come easy.
But she slowly overcomes obstacles and deceit, and learns to be her own woman, with a strength that flows from within.
Ashley Judd's winning smile, and infectious gait exude warmth and command respect and admiration.
The careful pace of the character development resembles that of "Ulee's Gold" in 1997, starring Peter Fonda, and also directed by Victor Nunez.
But if you like the muppets I defy you to dislike this one.
Basically the same plot regurgitated (this time New York, not LA) it features a lot of fun cameos and muppet hi-jinx.
A lot of the muppets leave the film pretty early on as it centers around Kermy and Miss Piggy.
I happened to have enjoyed it greatly.
Fun to watch with your kids.
David Aames is a rich good-looking guy who lives in New York City.
When his 'sleeping partner' Julie Gianni gets very jealous after David falls for Spanish beauty Sofia, she gets David into her car and tells him that he's the only guy she loves and wants to be with, but seeing as he's in love with Sofia, she decides to commit suicide with David in the car with her, by driving off a bridge.
David survives the crash, but is left with a disfigured face.
He is then charged with the murder of Julie.
The thing is, David doesn't know what's real and what's not as he keeps having these strange dreams (Most of which are actually nightmares.)
and flashbacks, some of which just don't make sense to him.
Everything will soon come back to him though as he's begins to find out the truth.Well, there's an all star cast here, including Tom Cruise, Penélope Cruz, Cameron Diaz, Kurt Russell, Jason Lee and Noah Taylor who all give good performances in the movie.
In the movie they all put off different things about there characters, like happiness, sadness, angry, etc.
really well.
There's also a cameo in the movie from the brilliant, Steven Spielberg.Vanilla Sky is a well made, different, interesting and original movie which will leave you talking about it a lot after it's finished.
It's not just a thriller, but it's a real psychological thriller.
The trailer for the movie is really good, but the movie is so different from what it might be made out to be.
It's been directed very well and there were a couple of really great scenes here too.
All in all, an enjoyable movie which should be really be paid attention too.
They are sure making a lot of "Are they dead, if not who is dead" movies recently.
"Ruby in Paradise" is a beautiful, coming-of-age story about a young woman, Ruby Lee Gissing, escaping her stifling roots to become herself.
Although the title character is played artfully by the gorgeous Ashley Judd -- in likely her first movie role, albeit one to be quite proud of -- the emphasis is not upon becoming "somebody," a la the next Madonna (whether Jesus' mother or the lurid, attention-hungry singer).It instead emphasizes following ones' instincts and being somewhat introspective about them, to grow into one's ideal, adult self.
NOTE: This isn't an action movie!!!
It uses an occasional voice-over narration (by Ms. Judd) while writing in her journal -- and oh, I see I've just lost the male half of the readers out there.
But be patient with this beautiful movie, where we learn that one's bliss can be discovered in -- oh, I dunno, carrying water and chopping wood.Actor/director/writer Todd Field, who played Nick Nightingale in "Eyes Wide Shut," co-stars as Ruby Lee's noble love interest, one who helps her heal her idea of relationships implanted from youth.But not even his character is the answer for Ruby Lee: There's no external hero imposed upon her.
The ultimate message is that we are responsible for ourselves.
Writer/director Victor Nunez, who also wrote/directed "Ulee's Gold," did an amazing job showing a young woman growing into herself -- confronting age-old challenges of good v. evil along the way.The supporting cast is also stellar, and the music used, particularly the cuts by chanteuse Sam Phillips (whom I hear is the wife of T. Bone Burnett), is right on -- most especially "Trying to Hold on to the Earth."
Now, when I hear the first few chords of that song, tears spring to my eyes, Pavlovian and unbidden -- not sure if it's the music, or the indelible connection to the movie's quiet, charming message of empowerment.This movie is highly recommended for any young person trying to find his/her way.
For any woman of any age, it is a must see!
The downside: It is NOT on DVD, except in Spanish.
(We learned, however, that it is legal to make one copy of a VHS version, which can be readily found online.
My beloved husband found someone with a VHS copy and got a DVD copy made for me.)
Although this treasure of a movie occasionally pops up on-air  on an indie channel, usually  you can't count on that when you might need it most as a tonic to soothe the pressures of the world.
So buy a copy for yourself.This movie should have a major re-release, and it would, if I were Queen of Hollywood.-- Figgy Jones
I just watched Holly along with another movie about trafficking and child sexual exploitation called Trade at Film by the Sea international film festival.
I have to say that Holly blew Trade out of the water.
Holly is a powerful and amazing film on many different levels.
From purely an artistic and cinematic perspective, it is amazing.
The sound-mixing, camera angles, directing and acting are all spot on.
Additionally, the way it handles the subject matter is tasteful and non-exploitative.
It presents the issue of child sexual exploitation in a way that is both educational and accurate.
The filmmakers paid an exquisite amount of attention to detail, truly capturing the nuances of the epidemic of child sexual exploitation and trafficking.
Too often when dealing with a subject matter of this kind, it is tempting to shock the audience with graphic scenes of rape, and violence.
Holly is able to achieve all of this without falling into that typical Hollywood trend.
I've had the pleasure of seeing Holly at two separate film festivals, once in the US and once in Netherlands.
I can honestly say that I have never seen audiences more moved.
Just listening to conversations after the screening, people are asking what they personally can do to fight child sexual exploitation.
I highly recommend it to everyone, both for its cinematic value and its subject matter.
An independent feature can now be seen as both a work of film art and a video resume.
Enter Broken, and aggressively promoted, twenty minute short with style and enthusiams to spare.
But is it any good as a film, or does it only work as a demo piece?
Ah, there in lies the rub.Broken is the story of Bonnie Clayton who is abducted after awakening from a reoccurring nightmare one night by "a sadistic stranger and his colorful entourage" (quote from the video box).
As she's held captive, it becomes obvious that her abductors know things about her that even she didn't know about herself.
While they question her, a black-clad soldier guns his way into their hideout in an attempt to rescue her.
Mayhem ensues.Fortunately for us, director Alex Ferrari seems to know what he's doing, or at least he's very good at faking it.
Broken does not suffer from any lack of visual flair, which is especially commendable considering its budget and the inexperience of all involved.
What it does suffer from is weak and kind of derivative writing.
Think Long Kiss Goodnight meets The Matrix, written ten minutes after reading Fight Club.
The good news for Ferrari and producer/writer Jorge Rodriguez is that the story elements are easily ignored for the oodles of eye candy on display.
Does the plot really matter that much in a twenty minute short meant to show off the technical skills of its creators?
No, not really.Though it would be unfair of me to overlook any negative aspects in light of the films budget and length.
Broken is no genre classic.
The biggest problem was that it actually would have worked better as a full-length feature.
The final "twist" doesn't get enough build up time to be shocking.
If Ferrari were allowed the time to slow burn the feature as needed, plot elements would seem less random, and the film more complete.
Here's to knowing he's getting the chance.Audio Broken's Dolby Digital 5.1 presentation is second to none in the indie world.
I've never heard such aggressive surround from such a small feature.
The Matrix inspired soundtrack is very rich and deep, gunshots have punch, and even the dialogue gets in on the surround effects.
Of everything presented on this disc, it is the audio that speaks the praise for modern independent DVD production.
Also included is an equally impressive Dolby 2.0 surround track, which is the menu default.Extras There are literally hours of making of features to be found on this disc.
There are so many extras, in fact, that I find it unrealistic to list and describe each of them here, while still expecting my readers to continue reading.
Whatever shortcomings the actual short may have, the DVD is unprecedented in its informational resources.
People who enjoyed the film can learn all there is to know about its production, including everything from the conceptual art to the promotional campaign.
Those with plans to make an indie film of their own can learn just about everything they need to know from these features.The extras are broken down into categorical menus.
These include: pre-production, production, post-production, after the short, and cast and crew bios.
From a critical standpoint, I found that some of the sections were quite short.
Had they been edited into one featurette per menu option, they would've been less frustrating to navigate, as the curser defaults to the top selection with every return to the main section menu.
This is, of course, just nitpicking, but perhaps for future DVD releases the filmmakers will take my advice to heart.It has six audio commentaries and hours of interview footage and talented people, and despite the consonant salesmanship, their true colours do shine through.The willingness to share their film-making secrets with anyone who picks up this DVD is quite generous.
From the extras I learned what editing and effects software is most reliable and effective, what brand of camera creates the most professional look for the lowest price, even where to get cheap air soft weaponry.
On top of this, I was given several alternate options, in case I found myself unable to locate any products used on this particular production.
Wannabe filmmakers unwilling to read a book on the subject would do well to watch this DVD.Overall I've scored the actual short as a 6 out of 10, but wish there was an option for feature length potential and effort, because I'd have scored it an 8 or 9 in these fields.
I recommend the DVD for its features and as a perfect example of what can be done with a mere eight thousand American dollars.
Those who purchase the DVD can think of themselves as ghost producers for a larger project, as the more attention these guys get, the more funding the feature-length version will get.
An absolutely brilliant show.
The second season began where the first ended, with much mystery.
Suspense in most, if not all episodes and mystery everywhere.
One that made me think and think again.
It's truly amazing how the writer can come out with all the connections and link all the characters together and combine all these elements to make the lives of the characters in the show so meaningful.
Never fail to excites and I am looking forward to the new season.
Hopefully more secrets will be reveal and at the same time, more mystery to be solved.
Good selection of cast too for this show, fit the characters perfectly.
Really can't wait to finally discover the secret.
Hopefully all the hype won't spoil the ending.
Now all the kids and teenagers of Springwood, Ohio are all dead expect for one teenager (Shon Greenblatt) is still alive.
Freddy (Robert Englund) is letting him go and the teenager doesn't have much of a memory, when he's arriving in a new town.
When a tough female psychologist (Lisa Zane) tries to break though the new patient.
She's finds out, where he's from.
She brings him along to Springwood to spark some memories but three teens (Lezlie Deane, Breckin Meyer and Ricky Dean Logan), who unexpected came for the ride.
Once they arrived in Springwood, the psychologist has some memory that she did lived in that town before as a child.
While Freddy knows the true secret of her true identity.Directed by Rachel Talalay (Ghost in the Machine, Tank Girl) made a grim but somewhat oddly different sequel with some visual style and funny moments for this horror/fantasy/thriller.
Yaphet Kotto (Alien) has a supporting role as a Psychologist expert on dreams.
This has some ingenious visual effects (Not everyone will love the climax, especially in 3-D) and some good style in its storytelling.
This one did out gross some of the film's series at the box office.DVD has an strong anamorphic widescreen (1.85:1) transfer (also in Pan & Scan) and an strong-Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound.
DVD has the original theatrical trailer, Jump to a Nightmare opinion and Cast & Crew information.
The "Elm Street" Series Box Set, the eighth disc has interviews with the the cast & crew of this sixth film.
The sixth film is also in 3-D for the film climax but you could watch it at 2-D also.
This is the last of the "Elm Street" films until Wes Craven resurrected Freddy into a different, darker style in "New Nightmare" and the silly but surprisingly enjoyable spin-off horror film "Freddy Vs Jason".
Watch for Robert Shaye (Co-Owner and Co-CEO of "New Line Cinema"), Roseanne Barr, Tom Arnold, Johnny Depp and Alice Cooper in amusing cameos.
Written by Michael De Luca (John Carpenter's In the Mouth of Madness).
From a story by the director.
(*** ½/*****).
This is a great movie for all ages.
Its the story about three animals how have to find their way home.
There is a bit of a twist at the end and mainly throughout the whole movie.
You never know what is going to happen next.
This movie makes you cry and makes you laugh.
You just don't know what going to happen next.
The trek home is all beautiful with all the wonderful wildlife scenes.
They producers also spent a lot of money for this movie and it shows too.
The animals in this movie were well trained and are great actors/actress themselves.
Everything about this movie is great!
10 out of 10 the whole way!
Rent or buy it today I can guarantee you will love it the whole family will!
I remember watching this film a while ago and after seeing 3000 miles to Graceland, it all came flooding back.
Why this hasn't had a Video or DVD release yet?
It's sacrilegious that this majesty of movie making has never been released while other rubbish has been.
In fact this is the one John Carpenter film that hasn't been released.
In fact i haven't seen it on the TV either since the day i watched it.
Kurt Russell was the perfect choice for the role of Elvis.
This is definitely a role he was born to play.
John carpenter's break from horror brought this gem that i'd love the TV to play again.
It is well acted and well performed as far as the singing goes.
Belting out most of Elvis's greatest hits with gusto.
I think this also was the film that formed the partnership with Russell and Carpenter which made them go on to make a number of great movies (Escape from New York, The Thing, Big trouble in little china, and Escape from L.A.
Someone has got to release this before someone does a remake or their own version of his life, which i feel would not only tarnish the king but also ruin the magic that this one has.
If this doesn't get released then we are gonna be in Heartbreak Hotel.
Someone(or, something thing..)is leaving puncture marks on the jugular and draining victims of their blood till dead.
Police detective Karl Brettschneider(Melvyn Douglas, before slipping out of the B-movie horror genre for greater heights)is stumped at who..or what..is behind these notorious crimes.
The village is overcome by hysteria and Karl depends on his trusted medical genius, Dr. Otto von Niemann(Lionel Atwill, in yet another effective mad scientist role)to provide some feedback as to what might be causing the deaths of innocents.
He also fears for the safety of his beloved Ruth(the lovely Fay Wray who stars for the third time with Atwill after "Doctor X" & "The Mystery of the Wax Museum")who is Niemann's assistant.Dwight Frye steals the film as a rather loony village idiot who collects bats and carries a demented demeanor wherever he goes..it's easy to see why he becomes a suspect as local paranoia is at a fever pitch.
Maude Eburne provides the film's humor as a very naive(..and easily influenced)patient of von Niemann's who believes she has ailments she reads about in books near the laboratory where he works.
She's impressionable and often von Niemann just humors her and constant fictional illnesses she feels plagued with.
Lionel Belmore returns as yet another frightened, superstitious Bürgermeister.Creaky, static, but rather entertaining nonetheless thanks to the cast.
The film is obviously as low-budget as they come, but this doesn't hurt the film too much since it's put together rather well by director Frank R Strayer and his crew.
I'm certain the film's print has seen better days, though.
This is the kind of B-horror item you'd find packaged in with 50 other random cheesefests and poverty row programmers.
The film's villain..and his motives for feeding a synthetically made biological creature..certainly provides a different take on the Frankenstein formula.
Many might be disappointed with the end results as the film strays away from being an actual supernatural tale about a real vampire killer causing the murders.
Maslin Beach is a real nudist/naturist beach south of Adelaide, on the Fleurieu Peninsula, in South Australia.
It is also the name of an Australian film that used the beach as a location.Maslin Beach is labelled a romantic comedy.
This could be slightly misleading, as it is not a 'hilarious' film, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but it does have light-hearted moments.
Much as life itself, there are also moments of sadness too.
It is also entirely shot at the nudist beach mentioned above, and nudity runs throughout the length of film.
The viewer quickly learns to accept this as normal, and concentrate on the plot, not the copious amount of flesh.Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car at a beach-side car park.
They take their belongings to the beach, and while they are walking, a voice-over from Simon talks about his confusion about what real love is.
The rest of the film is an exploration of this, framed by one complete day at the beach.
The basic story is of what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters highlighted in several separate vignettes.When they arrive at the beach, both Simon and Marcie appear bored with each other.
Marcie sees them as a 'Romeo and Juliet' romantic couple.
Simon is just bored with it all.
Next, we are introduced to Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross).
They are walking down the beach together discussing Gail's chances of finding the 'perfect' man, aided by the 'powers' of a necklace that brought good luck to her Grandmother.
However, there are many more interesting people on the beach, not all of them 'attractive' and young (part of the realism of this film).To service the beach's patrons there is a flatulent, short-sighted ice-cream salesperson with a van.
This is Ben (Gary Waddell), who is a friend of Simon, and is also his unofficial counsellor.
I would think that this character is the main comic element.
It is hard to say though, as there is nothing about Ben that would make you laugh aloud, unless you were intoxicated, male and very young!
Maslin Beach does have a major redeeming feature though, and that is that it does not dwell too long on any one subject.
As the quality of acting is variable, the script is suspect and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a positive boon.
In fact, there is something about this film (not the nudity) that I find appealing.
It is hard to define what it is, but it could be something to do with its bluntness, and downright 'Aussie' attitude to carnal matters.The camera work in Maslin Beach deserves a mention.
Sometimes it is very good, with some stunning static shots and 'pans' of the beach, cliffs and a sunset.
As nudity is a major factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of the camera work.
There is no sense of gratuity in the framing, meaning that the framing is done so that the camera does not dwell on 'private' body parts.
This helps to ease any sense of viewer discomfort from being within the subject's 'personal space', and makes the film more tasteful.
Not an easy task, given the location for filming.Maslin Beach is neither a 'skin flick' for post-pubescent, testosterone charged males, nor a 'Mills and Boon' romance for under-appreciated women.
Maslin Beach does not seem to fit anywhere in genre.
The actors are not 'attractive' in the Baywatch sense, and are just 'normal' people that you would see on the beach anywhere.
It does not have a message to put across and it would not even act as a tourism advertisement, other than perhaps to Naturists.
Apart from the Australian accent, the filming could have been in any sunny country.
What makes this film distinctly Australian is the fact that it is pointless (cinema verite?
), and only Australian Cinema, and other medium sized National Cinemas, could consider such a rash option.
At the same time, these medium sized cinemas have room for experimentation in the quest for identity, and a 'flop' is not going to damage their reputation too much.
It is always possible, given that Maslin Beach is now a collector's item, that the film might become internationally popular, but it is very unlikely.During this critique, I have been sounding highly negative, at times, about Maslin Beach.
This is not the real position, as I found the film very easy to watch.
I enjoyed it as a reflection of near reality and real people (and problems).
The problems confronted in the film are those of the everyday, and a little low on spectacle.
This does it no harm in my view, and I wish that more films dealt with the everyday like this.
There is a connection here with the cinemas of Europe, and with French film in particular.
They rarely deal with major disasters or catastrophes, but with the everyday.
Hollywood is in direct opposition to this, and rides the crest of the hyper-real action/drama/angst wave.
The pace too, is much faster in Hollywood, but it is not reality.
Maslin Beach is not exactly 'Jacques Tati' either, but it is on the right track, even if it does ignore issues of multi culturalism, equality, gender orientation and so on, that are of such importance in current cinema.
I am sure that you will either love or hate this film, with little room for a middle ground.
Lost, probably the best t.v series ever made.
the storyline is clever and when all your questions are answered watching one episode, 100 more are raised.
if lost can carry on it's magnificent ways and not get too carried away then it will be stapled the best show ever.
The survivors of a plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses unique threats of its own.
after reading this your thinking how on earth can that be interesting?
and heres your answer, every season SO FAR has always been full of surprises, your always questioning your self why did that just happened and what's gonna happen next each time, very unexpected thing's happen and the story goes on wonderfully SO FAR!
The series just sucks you in, it's chilling and very addictive, everything from the wonderful creators and directing to the magnificent performances by the cast creates a very believable story.
Lost is simply unbelievable, amazing, highly entertaining, top notch, t.v at it's best.How ever you want to put it.
Lost beat's all other show's by a landslide.
And if your hating or criticising Lost you don't know how to watch t.v or watch drama.
Lost simply doesn't disappoint, you would think a series carrying on for so long can't keep getting better.
But it does!
It just keep's on flowing it's unlike anything you would ever think off.
"Every thing happens for a reason."
And that is truly shown in the series.
Eventually you will reach a point were all the clues and everything that's happened or being done adds up.
You will feel and realise how the characters have changed and how and why everything is going on.
The 10 minutes of excitement: You see something you didn't see coming, something major has happened to character or on the island.
There's hope somewhere.
You see a major twist that can or will change everything.
You hear your thought's churn, you wonder what's gonna happen next.
Your heart beating.
The 30 minutes of brilliance: You see a flawless scenes, tension building, you hear wonderful music by Michael Giacchino.
You see great flash backs, impressive acting.
You see wittiness, chilling atmosphere, which then get's converted back into tension.Everyone has there show that they are addicted too, that they can't get enough of, that they admire every minute and can't wait for the next episode, That they talk about 24/7.
Too me and many others it's this series.
Lost.
Once you start watching, you won't get enough.
The creators did a flawless job.
Lost is completely unique and original, you won't see anything like it.
The clever idea of "flashbacks and flashforwards" and something major and different in every season sucks your thoughts.
Would they ever make a series like "LOST"?
Something so interesting and something you will always remember.
It simply has stunned the world when it hit t.v.
A new generation of dramatic/sci-fi.
A instant classic before it reached out to the viewers.I'm sure you all heard of lost and it's 5 star reviews, and your annoying friend that won't stop telling you about it, so what's stopping you from watching?Every episode leads to something new and it just doesn't stop getting better and better, you get more interested as it goes along, you learn things that are on the island that you wouldn't even think off.
The characters start to become very likable, and if your the critic type you would love to see Lost in further detail, things like how the relationship between characters develop and how they learn the ways to under look and take on challenges from the Island.
All together it's a great drama and a flawless series.
I guess we just all hope that lost will not have a downfall in the episodes to come and go to far.....so if you don't watch lost, read the comment from the top again and you should change your mind.
Seeing is believing, so until you start watching you will never know .I strongly recommend this masterpiece of series: LOST!!
start watching!!!
You have not seen nothing until you watch LOST!!
!
When I saw this movie a few days ago, my eyes were completely fixed to the screen.
Its greatness held my attention to such an extent that I focused all of my attention on it for its entire duration.
I would recommend seeing it not just to fans of anime, but to anyone who likes great movies period (or who likes really weird stuff).
The style of art is beautiful, the sound is perfect, and the symbolism within it is breathtaking.
I've heard complaints about the weird insertion of English text in the movie, but I think the way its done is complementary to the strange style of the movie.
The self-attributed description of "Hello Kitty on acid" doesn't do justice to this film of absolutely epic proportions.
I'd like to find more works by whoever made this, and see them.
THE JIST: See something else.This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel, but after watching it I can't figure out why.
The film is definitely original and different.
It even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy "noir" feel.
But it just isn't entertaining.
It also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations.
I don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.This is a difficult movie to take on -- I suggest you don't accept the challenge.
Mr. Destiny - 3.5/5 Stars"Mr. Destiny's" theme is recycled from many films spanning many different years.
Its theme ranges from recent spoofs on such plots (see "Scrooged"), to the same, more serious and dramatic notion that worked in "It's a Wonderful Life," and a century earlier in the story of Scrooge as told by Charles Dickens in "A Christmas Carol."
"It involves an ungrateful man being taken on a guided tour of his life, and witnessing how his life could have been (or would have been) first-hand.
In most of these types of movies the guardian angel rescues a man from ungratefulness and shows him his life in retrospect, or how it could have been.
Should have been.
Would have been.
In this case we are shown a businessman named Larry (James Belushi).
He hates his life.
He lives with an unexciting wife (Linda Hamilton) and yearns for a bigger life with bigger meaning.
If only he had hit the ball at the state championship in high school years ago.
He is convinced his life would have been better.
I guess he remembers this seemingly small moment of his life because it made a big impact on his subconscious side, but I doubt a grown man would yearn for one single act from high school.
Still, it works in the movie.Anyway, Larry is driving home from work one night, where he is a penpusher along with Jon Lovitz, when his car breaks down.
He wanders into a bar looking for a pay phone, and reluctantly decides to tell the bartender (Michael Caine) about the way his life is turning out.
This is where we first see him remembering his childhood baseball strike-out.The bartender listens and nods, apparently not worrying about any other customers.
This is probably due to the fact that the bar, though old and tattered, seems to have never been occupied by any living humans save these two men.
In fact, Larry even makes a comment about never seeing the bar before.
This is most likely for a certain reason that the audience is expecting before Larry.
So the bartender, who may as well be an angel of God incarnate, just like Clarence, fixes Larry a special drink of his, which ends up putting Larry's life on reverse, showing him what his life would have been like if he had hit the home run all those years before.
But Larry has no idea of any change at first, just like Jimmy Stewart didn't realize that Clarence had erased his life until he went into the bar and got kicked out Larry continues to be oblivious to any change until he goes to his home to find the lawn different outside, and a large, wrestler-type man occupying his home.Larry soon finds out his life would indeed have been very different had he hit the home run.
Instead of marrying Linda Hamilton he married Rene Russo and moved into a large mansion with children.
He finds out that Jon Lovitz is no longer his friend but an employee of his.
And the most surprising fact of all is that with his new life, that Larry has always wanted...he finds himself lusting after his old wife, Linda Hamilton; proof that sometimes money and a great-looking yet shallow wife don't make up everything in a man's life, like an intelligent wife and love and true happiness.
Just like "It's a Wonderful Life" showed the audience a man's life is what he makes it, and that every person has an impact on people, "Mr. Destiny" shows us that material wealth is not the same as spiritual wealth, a lesson taught us over and over again, but never quite so fluffy, forgettable and truly sweet as it is shown us in "Mr.
Destiny.""Mr.
Destiny" is never exceedingly hilarious, but it is a sweet, good-natured comedy that never takes itself too seriously.
The problem with all the "It's a Wonderful Life" retreads out there, like "The Family Man," is that they try to be as influential and memorable as "It's a Wonderful Life" was.
But there are only so many times you can single-handedly rip off a famous film, and "Mr. Destiny" knows this, and plays right to the fact.
It doesn't try to be anything it isn't; rather, it is something it didn't try to be, and this is obvious to the audience.
When I first saw this film in the 1980's, I was in my middle teenage years and somewhat reluctant to see this since I considered myself grown up and out of the "Sesame Street/Muppets" age.
I honestly don't remember if I liked it at the time or not.
However, somewhere in college I watched this film again, and it wound up going (and staying) into my personal Best Films Ever collection.This film is LOADED with humor that goes far above and beyond what one would have expected from the Muppets.
I mean, obviously the Muppets always have appealed to adults and children because there's humor geared towards both generations.
But come on...Janice is accidentally overheard telling someone "I don't take my clothes off for anyone, even if it IS artistic"...there's a joke from a father to a son that if the son in love with Kermit the Frog then the father doesn't want to hear it...Gonzo saves a chicken with mouth-to-mouth resuscitation (sp?)
and afterwards says "I think we're engaged now"...these and plenty of other moments in the film had me rolling.
Add to that very smart dialogue, very smart New York/Broadway "wink wink" humor, the usual large amount of celebrity cameos and some really enjoyable songs that don't border on "kid-level cheesy" whatsoever...this film is a masterpiece!
I don't throw "10"'s out on a regular basis...but this one deserves it.
Over 20 years later, this film totally holds up, perhaps even more so.
The Muppets never were and never will be again, as funny and smart and just plain brilliant as this film was and is.
---Q
Fritz Lang's German medieval saga continues in Die Nibelungen: Kriemhilds Rache (1924).Kriemhild (Margarete Schoen) wants to avenge her murdered husband, Siegfried.Her brother is too weak to bring the murdered, Hagen, to justice.Kriemhild marries Etzel, the King of the Huns (Rudolf Klein-Rogge).She gives birth to a child, and invites her brothers for a party.Etzel and the other Huns should kil Hagen, but he is protected by his brothers.We see a huge battle of life and death begins, and she sets the whole place on fire.Eventually Hagen is dead, and so is Kriemhild.These movies deal with great themes, such as revenge and undying love.Sure we have later seen some better movies made of those topics, but this was one of the early ones.
"Lost", "24", "Carnivale", "Desperate Housewifes"...the list goes on and on.
These, and a bunch of other high-quality, shows proves that we're in the middle of a golden age in television history.
"Lost" is pure genius.
Incredible layers of personal, and psychologically viable, stories, underscored by sublime cinematography (incredible to use this word, when describing a TV-show), a killer score, great performances and editing.
Anyone who isn't hooked on this, are missing one of the most important creative expressions in television ever.
It may have its problems, when watching only one episode a week, but the DVD format is actually an incredible way to watch this.
Hope they keep it up (as I'm sure they do).
First, let me say that Notorious is an absolutely charming film, very lovingly rendered of its time and subject(s).
Gretchen Mol is utterly, painfully convincing, the very soul of the contradictions smoothly reified by Ms.
Page herself.
Irving and Paula Klaw are richly drawn as the working-class stiffs they were (having met Paula at Movie Star News in 1990 I can say that Lili Taylor's performance is unimpeachable), and Jared Harris as John Willie (Coutts) is an adoringly debauched genius.
Anyone with an interest in the recorded history of American attitudes toward sexuality must see this movie, in a theater preferably, where votes made with dollars count more.Second, I will allow that I am a producer of material similar to that for which the Klaws would become famous, which is no way affects my estimation of Ms. Harron's work as the splendid piece that it is, but does condition my view of Notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order.
Ms. Harron has crafted a work of subtle subversion.
Along with V for Vendetta, it is a movie about another time for our times.Few readers of this site will be aware that the government they will see enacted in Notorious (through transcription of the very words uttered in closed Senate committee hearings) is a very close approximation of the one they live under right now.
While Ms. Harron expressly disallows that she has a political agenda appended to this film, her faithfulness to the facts, and the respectful and unsensational way in which she renders them, synchronizes Notorious with the present day.
The very acts that Notorious portrays in loving and accurate detail are defined as obscene by the Communications Decency Act, recently brought to the Supreme Court as a First Amendment case and turned back there at the behest of the Bush administration.
In other words, the delicate and ineffectual bondage depicted in Notorious is indictable today by Federal prosecutors in whatever (hostile) jurisdiction they choose.
Of course, there were no hearings in the Senate or elsewhere on this matter when the CDA was passed.
Of course you know nothing about it, because you don't want people in Peoria telling you what you can and cannot look at (likewise, people in Peoria probably don't want me telling them what they're allowed to view).
Of course Notorious will never be indicted.
It's Hollywood.
It's lawyered up.
Countless Klaws will, however, continue to be steamrolled by a puritanical bureaucracy that has not advanced its aesthetic, moral or biological composition much in 50+ years.In addition, Notorious posts no 18 USC 2257 compliance statement, which is mandated by the unnoticed "earmark" recently voted into law.
If any media contains images of "sadomasochistic restraint" it is required to make available (ex warrant) records of age and circumstance of all performers.
Notorious fails in this regard also.In addition to being a splendid piece of entertainment and an (nearly) accurate historical document, Notorious will be the litmus against which the Bush Justice Department is itself judged with respect to the 14th (Equal Protection) Amendment and on perhaps several other Constitutional grounds.
In this regard alone, a debt of gratitude is owed Mary Harron.
You'll be grateful in any case, Constitutional or otherwise, if you see this film.
Zane and Beringer will keep you on the edge of your seats.
I don't typically go for military/war movies, but this was worth my time.It was serious, but it was also humorous.
Beringer's character proved to be heroic and honest.
No matter what, you know that he's got your back.Zane's character developed throughout the film.
He wasn't just a suit, he definitely proved that he could be a hero and handle a gun.The ending through me a little though.
It didn't really go with the action throughout the film, but I'm glad that I saw it, nonetheless.It's worth checking out.
Canadian filmmaker Mary Harron is a cultural gadfly whose previous films laid bare some the artistic excess of the Sixties and the hollow avaricious Eighties.
With "The Notorious Bettie Page" she points her unswerving eye at Fifties America, an era cloaked in the moral righteousness of Joe McCarthy, while experiencing the beginnings of a sexual awakening that would result in the free love of the next decade.
Harron and her co-writer Guinevere Turner, are clearly not interested in the standard biopic of a sex symbol.
This is a film about the underground icon of an era and how her pure unashamed sexuality revealed both the predatory instincts and impure thoughts of a culture untouched by the beauty of a nude body.
If the details of Bettie's life were all the film was concerned about, then why end it before her most tragic period was about to begin.
Clearly, Harron is more interested in America's attitudes towards sexual imagery then and now.
Together with a fearless lead performance by Gretchen Mol and the stunningly atmospheric cinematography of W.Mott Hupfel III, she accomplishes this goal admirably, holding up a mirror to the past while making the audience examine their own "enlightened" 21st Century attitudes towards so-called pornography.
As America suffocates under a new conservatism, this is a film needed more than ever.
i don't care if you'd like my comment or no but i think that you who write that the movie isn't good..you're so obsessed by the films of Hollywood that you can't see how good is this movie i'm not a fan of Jay Chou but i like his play and not only his... and may be you think that there is not a big sense in the idea and may be you think it's not so interesting but look deeply there is more than action in the movies more than love and passion and tears there is more than USA in the world and it's good :) really good.
And it cost a lot to do it so please don't criticize the actors the directors cause you don't know how hard they work for you to be happy in this hour and a half watching them thank you :)
There are few movies that appear to provide enterntainment as well as realism.
If you've ever wondered about the role of snipers in modern war, take a look at this one.
I just loved the scene where hundred soldiers get shooting at the jungle, no-one quite sure where that shot came?And, they nicked one scene to Saving Private Ryan, so it has to have some merit in the scene.
Though not a horror film in the traditional sense, this creepy little film delivers the goods.
It seems a vampire is loose in a small German town draining its victims of their blood.
Police Inspector Karl Brettschneider, Melvyn Douglas in one of his early roles, is skeptical believing a crazed killer not a vampire is running amok.
The only one who believes him is Ruth Bertin (Faye Wray) the inspector's girlfriend and lab assistant to Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill) who though apparently an eminent scientist goes along with the vampire theory.
The townspeople suspect the weirdo Herman Gleib, played with his usual frenzy by Dwight Frye who seems to be having a lot of fun with his role.
The film contains quite a bit of humor which helps relieve some of the intensity involved with all the murders being committed.
One funny part has Gussie Schnappmann (Maude Eburne), Ruth Bertin's aunt, thinking weird Herman has turned not into a bat but into a dog.
Maude Eburne and Dwight Frye make a good comedy team.This budget movie brings in elements from "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" with Dr. Niemann using the power of suggestion to make a somnambulist carry out his orders, from "Frankenstein" by using the human blood to help create life in the laboratory, and "Dracula" since the murders are believed by everyone except the inspector and his girl to be the work of a bloodsucker.
Thses elements are mixed well by director Frank R. Strayer with a little comedy thrown in for good measure.
The concoction works.
The restored version I viewed used tinting to increase the spooky atmosphere.
So try to see the this version if possible.
I watched this film so many times through my child hood that even to this day i can pretty much re-sight all of the dialogue.
And when I watch it now it just makes me happy and surprisingly still laugh.
I think it's amazing how they managed to train animals especially the cat to the extent that they are able to play the main role of a feature film.
However watching it now I can also unfortunately notice that it isn't the masterpiece i once thought it was.
But i prefer to remember how i felt about it when i was younger watching it on VHS on my fist TV that would cloud the image in yellow.
And and bearing in mind it is a children's film, that is why i would still definitely give it 10/10.
Madhur Bhandarkar has given it all raw.
But the best part is he hasn't forgotten to give the ingredients.
It has come short and crisp to the viewer and it is the audience to make the choice now.
Page 3 is a revelation of the naked truth irrespective of the crudeness attached to it.Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys her work.
A simple and peaceful life adores her with a caring boyfriend and a nice roommate Pearl.
She covers the Page 3 (Celebrity Page) of Nation Today, where she has a very supportive editor Deepak Suri (Boman Irani.)
But life takes turn for her as she hits the first bump and takes herself away from Page 3 and goes into Crime bit.
Omigosh!
a whole new world was waiting for her there.
She is shocked, excited, stunned with the revelation.
Her reaction has resulted in losing the job.
At the end she is back to Page 3.
Now when she meets any celebrity in a party, she knows the actual looks of each, hidden under the illusive face.The movie has a message and it is crude.
The audience needs to get it in their own color.
The theme and the screenplay was fantastic.
There are some very good thoughts applied to prepare the audiences.
Like the foreplay-club is shown before the pedophiliac exhibition, the short suspense before gay-actions in bathroom.
The dialogs are strong and the actors are really good at delivering it.
Charu Mohanty's 2 words speaks volumes and he is very successful in uttering those two words with such ingenuity, it leaves an impact.
The set selections could have been better.
The songs don't stand anywhere; but they were needed in the background.
Atul Kulkarni has a small role with high-impact.
There were a few flaws visible.
Atul Kulkarni explaining Konkan Sharma that honesty should be tagged along with intelligence.
There could have been a better dialog as this sounds like a preach.
The meeting between Thapar and his daughter doesn't call for acting.
That scene looks very unprofessional.Overall it is a must-watch movie with selective options before the pedophilia incident.
That may spoil your mood.
This is a really cool movie!
I remember first seeing it when I was really young and I used to watch it all the time like once a week...Shadow was my favorite character in the movie.
Homeward Bound is really funny and its really cool how they train the animals to do all those things.
Parts of the movie are sad though (such as when Sassy, the cat, falls down the waterfall, and when Shadow falls in the hole at the end.)
I have seen the second Homeward Bound but I gotta say its not as good as the first.
Shadow is the smart one, Sassy is, well, Sassy, and Chance is the funny idiot.
I recommend this movie to anyone who likes comedies, or talking animals.
This is one of my top ten favorite movies!
Kurt Russell's chameleon-like performance, coupled with John Carpenter's flawless filmmaking, makes this one, without a doubt, one of the finest boob-tube bios ever aired.
It holds up, too: the emotional foundation is strong enough that it'll never age; Carpenter has preserved for posterity the power and ultimate poignancy of the life of the one and only King of Rock and Roll.
(I'd been a borderline Elvis fan most of my life, but it wasn't until I saw this mind-blowingly moving movie that I looked BEYOND the image at the man himself.
It was quite a revelation.)
ELVIS remains one of the top ten made-for-tv movies of all time.
As far as I know, this show was never repeated on UK television after its original run in the late '60s / early '70s, and most episodes are now sadly "missing presumed wiped".Series 6 from 1971 however still exists in its entirety, and I recently got the chance to watch it all, the best part of 4 decades on.After rushing home from school, Freewheelers was essential viewing for me and many of my contemporaries back in those halcyon days of flared trousers, Slade and Chicory Tip.
And watching it again brought a nostalgic lump to the throat.Never mind the bad / hammy acting, the unintentionally amusing fight scenes, plot holes wide enough to pilot a large ocean-going yacht through and the "frightfully, frightfully" RADA accents of the lead players.No - forget all that.
Because Freewheelers harks back to a bygone (dare I say "golden") age of kids' TV drama, when the shows were simply about rip-roaring fun and didn't take themselves so seriously.
Before they became obsessed with all the angst-laden "ishoos" that today's screenwriters have their young protagonists fret over, such as relationships, pregnancy, drugs, STIs etc.No doubt if it were "remade for a modern audience" in these days of all-pervasive political correctness, the boss figure would be a black female, one of the young male heroes would be a Muslim, the other would be a white lad confused about his sexuality and the girl would be an all-action go-getter with an IQ off the scale, who'd be forever getting the lads out of scrapes and making them look foolish - in other words a million miles removed from Wendy Padbury's deferential, ankle-spraining washer-upper.It's a show that's very much "of its time".
But is that a bad thing?
I for one don't think so.
Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood.
This film makes me feel like a kid again.
Okay, the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends.
The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City.
You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch.
Anyway, the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to appreciate the lightheartedness of the Muppets Gang.
The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City.
It's worth watching for kids and even sentimental adults like myself.
If this film strikes you (as it did us and, apparently, others departing the theater) as disappointingly thin, it may be because the subject herself is mildly disappointing.
The film faithfully presents us Bettie Page as she probably was: a playful almost-innocent from the rural South whose career as "the pinup queen of the universe" was for her just goofy, natural fun.
Her eventual moral qualms, religious conversion and sudden departure from nude and bondage modeling are biographically accurate, yet hard to understand given how untroubled she seemed by her livelihood.There are many reasons to see this film even so, not least of which are the amazing b&w noir cinematography of W. Mott Hopfel III (complete with old fashioned wipes and dissolves), the 1950's-faithful acting of the cast under the direction of Mary Harron, pitch-perfect performances by some of our most underrated supporting actors (including Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak), not to mention the Oscar-worthy and technically difficult lead performance of Gretchen Mol.Ms.
Mol does several scenes fully naked and most others in amazing period lingerie and "specialty" costumes (gloriously assembled by costume designer John A. Dunn), yet she astonishingly maintains Bettie Page's unstudied pleasure in her lush body.
To watch Ms. Mol as Ms.
Page, an aspiring actress, progressing through degrees of progressively less "bad" auditions and student acting scenes is to see a truly fine actress in complete control of her craft.The script does effectively bring us into 1950's America, where childhood sexual abuse, lawless abduction and rape, and the legal suppression of brands of pornography which today seem laughably tame, is a reality.
50's New York is evoked with seamlessly-inter cut news reel footage.
50's Miami comes alive in super-saturated, 16mm-style color.
The real Bettie Page seems to scamper, smile and pose before us, and yet the effect is curiously lightweight, barely lewd and not at all dangerous.How odd that bondage's greatest icon should be so lacking in venom, and that this technically excellent biopic should have so little sting.
Richard Attenborough is a director whose name is synonymous with the Academy Award winning 'Gandhi', back in '83.
I didn't know of any other work of his till i recently came across 'Cry Freedom', released back in 1987.
While it may not have been as popular as his Gandhi, it is every bit as gripping, if not more, and was released when South Africa still had not got rid of the shackles of apartheid.
While most movies on social issues come out after the event had happened, i guess this one released during the time.The story is based on real life characters and events.
The book on which the movie was based, was written by Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), a journalist who used to work in South Africa until the end of the seventies.
It traces the origins of Woods friendship with the charismatic black leader Steve Biko, who is wonderfully portrayed by Denzel Washington.
I cannot imagine a better choice for the role.
Washington exudes a natural charm and screen presence, which Biko's character required.While initially, Woods was against what he felt was black racism being spread by Biko, after meeting the man, he could not help being drawn into his struggles and ideas.
The bond between them grows stronger, and Woods and his family realise and become more sensitive to the plight of the people Biko represents.However, finally, tragedy strikes, and Woods must now concentrate on escaping from South Africa, with his book, so that he can get it published and let the outside world know what is going on.
The second half of the movie is a gripping tale of his escape from South Africa, along with his family, and will keep you on tenterhooks.There are some deliciously humorous dialogues too.
The scene between Biko and the lawyer in the courtroom is an example.Lawyer: Do you advocate violence?
Biko: I advocate a confrontation.
Lawyer: Well, isn't that violence, Mr. Biko?
Biko: Not necessarily.
You and I are having a confrontation now, but i don't see any violence.However, there are moments that bring you back to the horrors that pervaded the country before better sense prevailed.
The scene where the army opens fire on a protest by school children is gut wrenching and heartbreaking.This is definitely a must watch.
I would suggest those not familiar with Attenborough's work, do take time out for this.
There are movies which make a lot of money.
And there are movies which make lives.
I would any day prefer the latter.
As far as I know, this show was never repeated on UK television after its original run in the late '60s / early '70s, and most episodes are now sadly "missing presumed wiped".Series 6 from 1971 however still exists in its entirety, and I recently got the chance to watch it all, the best part of 4 decades on.After rushing home from school, Freewheelers was essential viewing for me and many of my contemporaries back in those halcyon days of flared trousers, Slade and Chicory Tip.
And watching it again brought a nostalgic lump to the throat.Never mind the bad / hammy acting, the unintentionally amusing fight scenes, plot holes wide enough to pilot a large ocean-going yacht through and the "frightfully, frightfully" RADA accents of the lead players.No - forget all that.
Because Freewheelers harks back to a bygone (dare I say "golden") age of kids' TV drama, when the shows were simply about rip-roaring fun and didn't take themselves so seriously.
Before they became obsessed with all the angst-laden "ishoos" that today's screenwriters have their young protagonists fret over, such as relationships, pregnancy, drugs, STIs etc.No doubt if it were "remade for a modern audience" in these days of all-pervasive political correctness, the boss figure would be a black female, one of the young male heroes would be a Muslim, the other would be a white lad confused about his sexuality and the girl would be an all-action go-getter with an IQ off the scale, who'd be forever getting the lads out of scrapes and making them look foolish - in other words a million miles removed from Wendy Padbury's deferential, ankle-spraining washer-upper.It's a show that's very much "of its time".
But is that a bad thing?
I for one don't think so.
Since the title is in English and IMDb lists this show's primary language as English, i shall concentrate on reviewing the English version of Gundam Wing(2000) as presented in the Bandai released DVD set.
My actual review for the whole series is under IMDb's entry of ""Shin kidô senki Gundam W"(1995).Very little is changed in respect to plot, script and characterization its adaptation to English and it really depends on your own taste to choose which language to watch this show in.
Purists can stick to Japanese all they want, but for a more "realistic" experience i recommend the English track since all the characters, except Heero Yuy, are not Japanese.
(most of them are Caucasian in fact with a couple of non-Japanese Asians.)
For one thing, the characters' personalities come across more "directly" than in the Japanese version.
The contrast between the characters is stronger thanks to some give-or-take performances but a very well cast group of actors.Wing Gundam's pilot Heero Yuy is a highly trained soldier who suppresses his emotions but slowly learns the value of his humanity.
Voiced by Mark Hildreth who's deadpan delivery can be criticized as "bad acting" but it matches Heero's personality very well.Deathscythe Gundam's Duo Maxwell, ever cheerful in the face of death is given a crash course in the cherishing the value of life and friends.
He is possibly the best acted character in the whole show, masterfully played by Scott McNeil.
He may sound a little too old for his age, but Duo's English voice easily out ranks his irritatingly nasal Japanese one.Trowa, the pilot of Heavyarms, is a lost lonely soul who's only purpose so far has been combat; despite his inner desire to form connections with the people around him, he only knows how to kill, not to befriend.
Kirby Morrow gives a somber but realistic performance as Trowa Barton.Quatre Rebarba Winner is voiced by Brad Swaile who has no trouble brining out the caring nature of the character and the shattering of his innocence as he experiences horrors of war and death first hand.
A huge plus point is that Quatre no longer sounds like a girl(and yes he is voiced by a female actress in the Japanese version) but a bona fide typical 15 year old guy.The impulsive but determined Wufei Chang voiced by Ted Cole may seem a little over-the-top but it plays out in stark contrast to the more subdued roles of Heero and Trowa.Relena Darlian sounds older in English, voiced by Lisa Ann Bailey.
This might not sit well with her youthful personification early in the series but as her character matures later into the story, her voice follows suit and ends up fitting in very well with the character development.Zechs Merquise would be one of the more drastically changed voices when compared to the Japanese version.
Both voices bring out different sides to the same character.
His Japanese voice is haughty, authoritative and commands respect , keeping in line with his high ranking status and charismatic nature.
His English voice by Brian Drummond is more subdued, sounding more devious and "snake-like", highlighting Zechs' secretive nature regarding his hidden agendas and staunch beliefs in his ideals.The members of OZ are a mixed bag really.
Treize Kushrenada voiced by David Kaye is given a more realistic and down-to-earth performance compared to his larger-than-life Japanese style of speaking.
However, Lady Une does not convey her split personality as contrastingly as in the Japanese version and Lucrencia Noin just sounds.........bored most of the time.
The cannon fodder pilots and military leaders are nothing to speak of either.I would have appreciated if they took the time to give different characters different accents to reflect their ethnic backgrounds.
The Maganac Corp's voices were generally uninspired but could have been more interesting if they were given middle eastern accents.
The members of the Romerfeller Foundation would have also sounded better with some classy European accent that reflects their status of nobility.Despite underwhelming acting from the side characters, the main cast manage to carry the show and it results in an overall less over-the-top and more realistic rendition of Gundam Wing's script.
Very faithful to the original Japanese script, keeping all the underlying thought provoking ideas and themes about politics, war and human nature.
Sadly, it also retains the flaws of the original Japanese script.
I have always had the philosophy that every single human being has different tastes, i found this movie to be awesome and i think every college student out there might agree with me.
Notwithstanding this is not a "movie with a plot", its about real guys and some of the "problems" that they face.
I found the movie hilarious(especially the parts that they played the practical jokes on each other).
Simply put, if you are in the same "wave-length" as these people, you will find this movie amazing.
I don't think that this is going win any Golden Globes or Oscars, or that the people in this movie will become future Hollywood stars, but its a kind of "cult-classic" among young people who could relate to their experience.
For me the guy that stands out the most is Hans: the Scandinavian guy,who ,according to him "isnt a looker", but gets all(or some) of the chicks.
The "little-people" also play a big part in the movie, especially when they are drunk.
If i keep going, i might provide a spoiler and i don't want to do that, just go and get the movie and you will not regret.
I give it a 8/10
I've heard people who say this movie is dull dull dull.
I don't think they were watching the right movie.
This isn't the prototypical action movie, thank God.This is a psychological drama about the rookie and his mentor that just happens to be about killing people.
In this way it works extremely well, with terrific performances from Berenger and Zane (who doesn't sleepwalk through the movie like he has in other roles - he actually looks like he's acting).I was disappointed with the action towards the end - a lot of it didn't make much sense and was unsatisfying given the buildup from the rest of the movie.
But watch Zane's face as he panics, alone, while Berenger does the dirty work.
At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, on first viewing I'm kind of inclined to put this right up on a par with 'Shaun of the Dead'.
Now, given I view Simon Pegg as an unquestionable comedy genius, I realise this is a rather big claim.
And to what extent you agree with that last statement may be a good preliminary gauge of whether 'Fido' will appeal to you.In a way the comedy picks up where 'Shaun' left off, except we're back in the original 1950s Living Dead-era stereotypical middle-American small town.
The Zombie Wars are over and zombies themselves are becoming more well-adjusted, useful members of the community.
This, so we're informed at the outset, is largely thanks to the scientific advances made by the good people at Zomcom - a nice play on romantic comedy perhaps?
The beauty of the film lies in its dead-pan depiction of a respectable neighbourhood maintaining core values while making a place for zombies and the special hazards they pose.
The charm and balance with which it does this is near enough perfect.
Themes you might expect from a more mainstream kitsch comedy come through - the veneer of good clean living, keeping up appearances, repressed emotion, muddled parental values, social decorum and the plight of the alienated individual.It's a story told with happy heart and wide appeal that is brought to life vividly by the film's all-round strong cast.
It's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved got a kick out of taking part.
It's also fun imagining what Billy Connelly learning his script must have been like...So in conclusion, it is probable you will appreciate the humour of this film unless your father tried to eat you.
First of all, I think the below comment is unworthy for a site like this.
Obviously you have no taste and you don't respect the taste of others.
Not to give you a history lesson but I think it needs to be done.
Black actors out there are just, if not more, successful as others.
If you are not a part of the "Black" race you cannot understand the quality, creativeness, and vibrant of old movies such as "Sparkle" and "Mahogany" and "Cooley High."
Since unfortunately you are not Black, you do not have the pleasure of feeling what we feel when we watch these classics, so therefore you need to keep your freaking mouth shut and just stick to your non-dancing race.
Thanks.
This is one a most famous movies of the French sexual empowerment of the seventies, starring Gerard Depardieu and Patrick Dewaere in extremely sarcastic roles.
It is also one of the many dark psychological dramas of the seventies/eighties, such as "Serie Noire", "Buffet Froid", "Beau Pere", all realized by Blier.However, I would like to correct the previous comment that was posted on the movie: the translated title in English is very far from the French version.
It is true that both protagonists are "going places", but the title in French could be literally translated by "the waltz dancers", which is a metaphor for the movement of the testicles...
Who knew they could be so funny??
Christopher Meloni and Janel Moloney are known more for their outstanding work in some of television's hottest dramas.
("Law & Order: SVU" and "The West Wing") Put them together on the big screen and what you get is an engaging romantic comedy with plenty of laughs.The actors develop the story's ongoing relationship with impressive skill, leaving the audience bound to fall in love with Barry Singer (Meloni), despite the fact he's a standup comic who also happens to be a mean-spirited, sexist jerk.You'll be rooting for him even as he takes all his insecurities with the opposite sex and chases Thea (Moloney) halfway around the country in hopes of winning her heart.
They have so little in common...but when Barry finally opens his heart, you'll wonder why Thea keeps running away.The Souler Opposite is a wonderful movie with an incredible cast and a gifted writer.
Well worth your time.
this is an entertaining movie.
actually might make you uncomfortable since it isn't some undead psychopath or sociopath, its your everyday doctor.
how scary is that.
got some good actors and actresses in this movie, though some where unappreciated like Virginya Keehne as Sarah.
Ken Foree who you might recognize from rob zombie's devils rejects and Halloween(2007) co-stars as our detective on schizoid Dr. Alan Feinstone's(Corbin Benson)trail.
Short little summary is this: Dr. Alan Feinstone, a guy who has a sexy wife, nice house, and is a great dentist everyone loves.
Until he catches his wife cheating on him with the pool cleaner.
Then he starts having hallucinations that his patients' teeth are all rotted and that the female patients are his wife as he starts going nuts in this thriller.
But before that, nice guy.
Based on an actual mining disaster, this early German talkie (with English subtitles) still remains one of the most effective docu-dramas ever filmed.
Featuring many non-professional actors, "Kameradschaft" gives a chilling view of the friendship that binds the mine workers, regardless of which side of the French/German border they may be from.
A deadly accident brings out the very best in everyone, nullifying any superiors' orders.
A fellow miner in need will receive the help of his comrades, even at threat of great loss, including life.This film reminds of the self-sacrificing heroism shown by the NYFD following the 9/11 attacks.
Putting aside any formal rules and regulations, these men and women in uniform knew only one cause: to save lives, and to find their fellow-fire fighters.
-- More than 70 years later, "Kameradschaft" still has the strong and timeless message: A friend in need is a friend in deed.
Not sure if this counts as a spoiler or not, so beware:Just a small but crucial thing to watch for, an intriguing possibility: the boys steal a green Citroen at one point, for a joy ride, and return it to the owner having done purposeful and vengeful hidden damage to the car, hoping that the owner will crash.
Is it the very same car they steal much later from the picnicking family?
We know the original owner sold it.
They drive off at the end on a dangerous road, one which I understand has been closed to all but pedestrians for the last ten years.
A whole new slant to the end of the film.On another matter, this film could have been called "Scent of a Woman".
I don't recall another film, certainly not American, that treats the scent of a woman in such a frank and open manner, much like the "nose" of a fine Bordeaux.
OK, I didn't know what to expect when I saw the cover to Fido, honestly when I came across it in the video store I was tempted to rent this movie, but nothing about it really grabbed my attention.
But when I was looking around in Netflix, they were advertising this like crazy if I liked "goofy" scary movies, so I figured to just give it a shot.
I'm so glad that I did watch it, this was just a great movie, it was absolutely hilarious and so charming to watch.
Like I said, it's Pleasantville meets Night of the Living Dead, it's just a great concept, what does happen after a mega zombie attack?
As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have fun by making the zombies left over as "handy" citizens.
This is a very overlooked horror/comedy movie, I think a lot of people were just so blown away with Shaun of the Dead that this got the boot.
But it's a great story and the cast was perfect and made this into just a really funny movie.In a 1950s alternate universe where radiation from space has turned the dead into zombies.
This radiation still plagues humanity, as all those who die after the original contamination turn into the undead.
In order to continue living normal lives, communities are fenced with the help of a governing corporation named Zomcon.
Zomcon provides collars with accompanying remote controls to control the zombies' hunger for flesh so as to use them as slaves or servants.
In the town of Willard, a housewife ,Helen, buys a zombie in spite of her husband Bill's zombie phobia.
Their son, Timmy, befriends the zombie, naming him "Fido".
One day Fido's collar malfunctions and he kills their next door neighbor, who turns into a zombie.
Timmy "kills" the zombified neighbor.
When a pair of local bullies are blamed for the missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy.
Helen comes and rescues Timmy and Fido from the bullies and they try to forget about the whole thing.
Several days later, the neighbor's body is found and the murder is traced back to Fido, who is taken away to Zomcon where the public is told he will be destroyed.
Timmy learns through a friend that Fido is simply working in a factory at Zomcon.
Timmy sets out to rescue him with the help from his neighbor with a zombie girlfriend in hopes to get Fido back.I really do highly recommend this movie if you get the chance to see it, it's so silly but a lot of fun.
Billy Connelly did a great job as Fido and really brought, no pun intended, a lot of life into the character.
I think the scene that made me laugh the most was when Timmy has to burry the old lady that Fido attacked and killed, his last words to her were so funny, "you weren't really nice, but you liked flowers, so" and he buries her in the garden.
Not to mention the neighbor with the zombie girlfriend, sick, disturbing, wrong, but classic laughs.
I still love how even though this is like the Leave It To Beaver-esquire type of world, there still is a lot of gore in the movie.
So if you do have a chance to see Fido, take it, I promise some good laughs.9/10
I liked this movie because it basically did more with less.
It could have been made more interesting if they had kept it confined to the studio even more (though some of the plot elements would have been harder to develop).The guy playing the DJ did a good job of showing someone spooked out and haunted by his memories.
I also found his dialog with the callers pretty funny.While parts of the movie you can see coming a mile away, other parts you do not expect to turn out the way they did.I thought it was a pretty minimal ghost story for the most part, concentrating more on the living side of the equation.
The last 5-10 minutes were pretty well done as everything is being revealed.While it was a shorter movie, it felt to be just about the right amount of time to tell the story.
Any more and it would have started to drag.
I suppose the ultimate curse of attending the Toronto Film Festival is your release date time table get messed up.
Quite frankly, I'm just happy Fido got picked up for US distribution.
In any case...Ever seen Shaun of the Dead?
Good.
How about Lassie?
Able to reconcile the two?
Well, if you can your name might be Andrew Currie, Canadian helmer of the first ever family themed zombie comedy, or zomedy.
(Seriously, that's what the press book in Toronto called it.)
Though not as violent, dry, or British as Shaun of the Dead, Fido remains true to its roots: a devotion to old 50s black and white television including both Lassie and the infamous sci-fi pulp that was being pumped out during the period.Fido's talented headliners (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker, and Tim Blake Nelson) stand as a testament to the brilliance of the script.
The film explores all the implications of its premise: a world where zombies have been converted to servants because of the sheer number of them due to a strange accident.
What would you use your new undead servant for?
A butler?
Manual labor?
A pet?
Unspeakable acts?
Fido tackles all these possibilities in a sweet and surprisingly classy way, with much thanks to the work of Connelly (as one of said zombies) and young TV actor K'Sun Ray, who seems at times to be a better young Elijah Wood than the young Elijah Wood was.If you're expecting another Shaun of the Dead, don't waste your time.
There's not nearly enough gore and pokes at the genre to satisfy you and you'll just leave the theater bitter and depressed.
But if you're willing to take a look at what happens to Shaun of the Dead when it jumps across the lake, you're in for a treat.
Think of Fido as the sensitive, more often beaten up little brother to Shaun of the Dead's rebellious loser, and you're starting to get the drift.
If you like (or at least tolerate) zombies, small children, and loads of deadpan satire, Fido's the film for you.
If that's not the case....well, you know the drill.
Just hit 'em square between the eyes.
This is a really fun, breezy, light hearted romantic comedy.
You cannot go wrong with Meg Ryan's cute perkiness combined with Albert Einstein's genius.
Normally, I'm not a fan of completely fabricated fictional tales about actual people, now deceased and not able to defend themselves, but I think the late Einstein might himself have gotten a chuckle out of this one.It's the 1950's...Princeton, New Jersey in the spring.
The story revolves around a pretty, young, scatter brained mathematician, Catherine (Meg Ryan), who is all set to marry a stuffy jerk, a behavioral researcher named James, merely because he has the brains she's looking for in the father of her future children.
However, it's love at first sight when her car breaks and she meets an auto mechanic named Ed (Tim Robbins).
As she doesn't think Ed is intelligent enough, her uncle, none other than Albert Einstein, plays match maker, assisted in his endeavors by three mischievous cronies, all theoretical physicists.
Uncle Albert must make Ed appear suitably smart, so concocts a charade portraying him as a physicist...naturally with amusing results.Walter Matthau is his usual hilarious self, and pulls off the character of Einstein quite effectively.
With his three professorial buddies, Kurt, Nathan, and Boris, a lot of laughs ensue.
The real Einstein had a genuine human side and this film just takes it one (outrageous) step further.
If you suspend all logic, you can almost imagine this silly story happening!It might not be rocket science (despite its main character) but it is a wonderful sweet, refreshing movie.
One of the best of the comedy romance genre.
Loved it!
What's not to like?--you got your suburbia, you got your zombies, you got your family issues, you got your social dilemmas, you got yourself one Fine Retro-1950's-style Flesh Eating Under Class Held At Bay By An Uneasy Worried About Whether They're The Next Meal Upper Crust.
You couldn't ask for more.Cast is superb.
Carrie Ann Moss is absolute perfection as a debutante social climbing housewife.
She's both wanton, and criminally conspiratorial.
Every fellow's dream.
K'sun is really great as the son just trying to be as normal as possible in this nightmare existence, and somehow succeeding.
He's a genuine screen presence.
Very photogenic, and natural.
Without naming them all, the rest of the cast is wonderful.
Henry Czerny plays a suspicious policeman with honed instincts and little squeamishness as if it's his everyday persona.
Billy Connolly is delightful as Fido.
A fine actor: I wish that he had played the title role in "Braveheart," with Gibson directing.
My sense is that his William Wallace would have been closer to the actual character.
His Fido is contained, yet accessible.
A nice touch.In short, a great and marvelous satiric poke at morals, values, social pinnings, feelings, growth, coping in uncertain times, and compensatory adjustments to impossible conditions.
A true reality show.
Clint Eastwood reprises his role as Dirty Harry who this time is on the case of a vigilante (Sondra Locke)who is killing the people that raped her and her sister at a carnival many years ago.
Eastwood makes the role his and the movie is mainly more action then talk, not that I'm complaining.
Sudden Impact is indeed enjoyable entertainment.
A good film, and one I'll watch a number of times.
Rich (the previous commenter)is right: there is much more going on here than is clear from the title boards, and I have to wonder how much has suffered in translation.
Were there more in the original?
Or was a native-language audience expected to lip-read more?
Or -- since the screenplay was written by the author of the novel on which this was based -- was this a currently popular story with which the audience was already very familiar?
In short, very worth a look, but it probably requires more work from contemporary viewers than the original 1913 audience had to put into it.The Alpha Video release touts the new organ score, but the music is not matched to the story progression in any way.
Sure, it starts promisingly, but degenerates into a repetitive, Phillip-Glass-like monotony that reflects nothing of the action on the screen.
After listening for a while, I turned off the sound and simply watched: much better!
Well you take O.J.
Simpson as a all american soldier turned all american bus driver who decides to rescue his passengers on his own just incase no one else is going to and Arte Johnson in an absolutely straight role as the tour guide who doesn't know what to do but doesn't want to admit they are in trouble and combine it with Lorenzo Lamas as one of three baby faced bad boys who intend to kidnap an heiress and leave a busload of people to die on the dessert and you have got to have action, plot twists and a lot of drama.
Everyone was good but seeing Lamas as the baddest of the bad boys really blew my mind.
He was much too believable as the overbearing bad guy who not only wanted to kidnap the heiress but rape the women and humiliate the guy who tried to stop him.
This was evidently long before he cultivated his good guy image.
And believe me a 20 year old Lorenzo in tight jeans you really don't want to miss!
This was a great romantic comedy!
Historically inaccurate (Einstein had no nieces or nephews as noted elsewhere in IMDb) but he made a great matchmaker.
He brought together two very nice people played by two of the best actors working.
The supporting cast (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher, Gene Saks, Stephen Fry, etc.)
all clicked on screen and made this a great viewing experience.
The fact he drove a car to get around seems to contradict all those images and posters of him riding a bicycle to get around.
And did he wear socks in one scene...reportedly, the professor never wore socks!
(Two new entries for the IMDb goofs section.)
Historical inaccuracies and inconsistencies aside, this was a great movie to watch with a great cast.
I give it an 8!
Now I love American Pie 1 and 2 while 3 was great just for Seann William Scott's performance as Stifler but after that the quality has dropped.
Band Camp kept the standard reasonably high with characters you actually cared about but Naked Mile was the same joke and plot- lines recycled (Erik Stifler's sex problem is like Jim's).
It had some amusing moments like the Football game against the midgets and the 'punishment' of Coozeman but on the whole it lacked originality and the 'Mile' was just stupid and moronic.
Not to mention the irritating girlfriend who doesn't want to have sex.
Anyway enough about the Naked Mile.
I watched Beta House with apprehension as I thought it could take the series to a new low but I was pleasantly surprised.
To be honest there is no real plot but it's filled with hot girls (Ashley is incredible) and sex jokes aplenty.
Yes it is formulaic and the jokes are old but Dwight Stifler (Steve Talley) raises the bar with an exuberant performance.
The Greek Olympiad is entertaining especially the penultimate and final events while Christopher McDonald's cameo is hilarious.
There are weak points though.
Coozeman is as irritating as he was in the first, I'm still baffled to as how he ever got a part.
While Coozeman is bad Erik Stifler is worse.
John White made Naked Mile a pain to watch but in Beta House he takes his performance to a whole new low.
First and foremost he lacks charisma, a Stifler prerequisite.
You really can't care less about him.
The only reason I was bothered about his relationship was so Ashley could be on screen!
She shines above him as does the rest of the cast.
Seriously John White is the ultimate in bad acting and has about as much charisma as a dead fish.
Saying that the film does entertain and Coozeman's fear that his girl is not exactly a girl is brilliantly funny.
Overall this film is worth renting, get a few of your mates in and have a laugh at the vomit-fest event and vent your anger at Erik 'loser' Stifler.
